Corporate lobbyists may have to jockey for attention alongside smaller, grassroots organizations under new ethics rules issued by President-elect Barack Obama's transition team, one analyst says. Podesta called the new policy "the strictest, the most far-reaching ethics rules of any transition team in history." The rules, which transition co-chairman John Podesta announced Tuesday, bar federal lobbyists from contributing to or raising money for the transition effort. 
The FARC admitted in an Internet statement that guerrillas "executed" eight people February 6 in the town of Rio Bravo because the rebels believed the Indians were gathering information to give to the Colombian military. Over the course of the past five years, the FARC has been pushed back into Colombia's less densely populated jungle regions and across the Ecuadorian border," said Patrick Esteruelas, an analyst with the Eurasia Group consulting firm. " Ramiro Echeverri was among 12 regional lawmakers the FARC kidnapped on April 11, 2002, in Cali, Colombia's third-largest city. 
Delton Oaks Resort ran a warning on its Web site to potential guests, explaining that there was no timetable for refilling the lake and repairing the highway. We at Delton Oaks Resort are 'make lemonade' kind of people, so we will be adding terrific beach volleyball and horseshoe courts in the near future. Watch a report from the lake » Zowin and his wife, Kathy, have owned Lake Delton Watersports for almost three decades. 
Google's Marissa Mayer, vice president of search products and user experience, and Dennis Hwang, webmaster manager, said on the Google Blog that Christin's design was part of "a very creative pool of doodles." Christin said her initial idea for a doodle was for animal conservation, but then she decided "it shouldn't just include animals; it should include the rest of the world." In an interview with CNN, Christin said she portrayed a dawn as a symbol of a new day. 
I could not believe these tiny kids could ride for so long and was terrified when I saw one of the children fall off his horse like a rag doll." Many of Naadam's customs, which include wearing traditional clothes and singing hymns once sung in battle, are still followed, a sign of the importance of the festival. " Dressed in tight blue shorts and a half shirt, which is usually red or blue, the wrestlers dance around the judges in slow graceful sways and then pay homage to the nine flags dating back to Genghis Khan before and after each match. 
Angie Capra's husband is buried a few yards from Leroy Alexander. Leroy Alexander, was half a world away fighting with the Special Forces in Afghanistan, but he had found a way to send a floral arrangement to his wife, who was five months pregnant with twins. " Alexander now lies in Arlington National Cemetery's Section 60, where 500 soldiers, Marines, airmen and sailors who have died in Iraq and Afghanistan are buried. 
Life expectancy for Russian men is well below that of western European countries like Germany, where men have an average life span of 77 years, according to World Health Organization figures. " Besides chronic conditions, epidemics of infectious disease, including tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS, have added to the country's health woes. The transition from a system of state ownership to a market-oriented economy has not been easy for many Russians, according to Mireia Jofre-Bonet, a health economist at City University London. 
On March 12, 17 people died when a Sikorsky S-92 A operated by Cougar Helicopters crashed or ditched in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Newfoundland. One person survived. The aircraft on the south coast are unaffected." 
The Old Guard conducts a 15-minute ceremony called a dignified transfer. Now he is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware, trained to carry the remains of fellow soldiers who perished in that same conflict. Wilbert Steinborn, another member of the Old Guard. " 
About midday at the academy's commissioning and graduation ceremony, McCain received a Bachelor of Science degree, taking the oath of office and being commissioned as an ensign in the U.S. Navy 103 years after his great-grandfather did the same. Joe McCain told CNN that his brother plans to join his father and great-grandfather as naval aviators. " That grandfather later became Adm. McCain and was commander of the Pacific Theater during the Vietnam War, when Jack's father, now Arizona Sen. John McCain, was being held as a prisoner of war in Hanoi. 
Five Chinese vessels shadowed the Impeccable, with two of them closing to within 25 feet while their crews waved Chinese flags and stripped down to their underwear in a sign of disrespect. The Impeccable also turned fire hoses on one of the ships "in order to protect itself," the Pentagon said. It is an oceanographic ship that gathers underwater acoustic data, using sonar. 
He is also busy producing his own films as part of SBK Pictures, the production company he founded in 2007, as he says, "putting into practice all the things that one has learnt along the way." Teen Patti" is set in India and the UK, where Kingsley shot all of his scenes, and uses English and Hindi dialogue. He is the first Oscar-winning Hollywood actor ever to star in a Bollywood movie, and Kingsley believes that the future of filmmaking could lie in combining the twin talents of the world's biggest film industries. " 
Neha Goyal, told CNN Pakistani troops crossed the Line of Control and "started firing on our patrol," killing an Indian soldier. " Kashmir has been at the root of two wars between India and Pakistan, both of which tested nuclear weapons in 1998. Senior Pakistani and Indian military officials met Tuesday to discuss a border clash in Kashmir, the first major skirmish between South Asia's nuclear rivals since a 2003 cease-fire. 
Afghanistan has probably had -- my reading of Afghanistan history -- it's probably had an insurgency forever, of some kind." Harper spoke with Zakaria last week after a visit by President Obama, who made Canada his first foreign trip since taking office in January. Harper's blunt assessment comes as nearly 2,800 Canadian forces are fighting in Afghanistan. 
The opposition groups have blockaded major roads and threaten to disrupt the nation's natural gas shipments, particularly to Brazil and Argentina. The opposition has offered to lift the blockades as a goodwill gesture, but the government demanded that the protesters also relinquish the buildings and other property they have seized. Morales attended the emergency meeting of the union, which is modeled on the European Union and aims to politically and economically integrate South American countries. 
WHO defines primary health care as being "universally accessible to individuals and families in the community by means acceptable to them, through their full participation and at a cost that the community and country can afford." And in Cuba, the nation's "polyclinics" have yielded one of the longest life expectancies (78 years) of any developing country, the report says. Rather than improving their response capacity and anticipating new challenges, health systems seem to be drifting from one short-term priority to another, increasingly fragmented and without a clear sense of direction," according to the report. 
Somalia, which is racked by poverty and conflict, has not had a fully functioning government since 1991, when its president was overthrown in Mogadishu, the capital. Phillips was rescued four days later, after U.S. Navy snipers fatally shot three pirates. An estimated one-third of Somalia's population desperately needs emergency aid, the international agency Oxfam said, as donors to Somalia met in Brussels, Belgium. " 
The Iranian Resistance calls for urgent intervention of the U.S. government and competent international bodies to neutralize plots by the clerical regime and prevent a human catastrophe in Camp Ashraf," said a statement dated Sunday. Ashraf residents rallied Monday against the military, chanting for Imam Hussein -- the Prophet Mohammed's grandson and a holy figure for Shiite Muslims -- to save them from the abuse of the Iraqi soldiers. The Iraqi government continues to facilitate all humanitarian materials entering Camp Ashraf," the Iraqi statement said. " ... 
The former chief pleaded guilty in 2006 to accepting tens of thousands of dollars in gifts while he worked as city corrections commissioner. Revisions to the original indictment, which included charges of corruption, conspiracy and tax evasion, bring to 15 the number of counts against Kerik. Before tapping Kerik for a Cabinet post, Bush dispatched him to Baghdad to train Iraqi police after the U.S. invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein. 
Other unmissables included the Grand Canal in Venice, Italy, the Masai Mara game reserve in Kenya and Australia's Sydney Harbor Bridge. Travel expert Felice Hardy explained why many tourists, often after spending inflated amounts on reaching and then viewing the most famous places, are left with a feeling of anti-climax. " But the 1,267 adults questioned by Virgin Travel Insurance also nominated the best places to visit in the world, with the Treasury in the ancient city of Petra in Jordan topping the list. 
But "John Doe" finally opened up to Wyatt, admitting he was really Bennie Wint and had been on the run since 1989. Over the past two decades, he acquired a common-law wife and another child in Marshall, North Carolina. Watch how reports of his death were premature » Wint returned a call Thursday from CNN and asked what an interview with him would be "worth to you." 
That number includes at least 7,300 of the estimated 25,000 private security contractors working in Iraq, he said. About 137,000 civilians are working for the U.S. military in Iraq, Gates said Wednesday. Iraqi authorities say Blackwater guards fired indiscriminately, killing as many as 20 civilians; Blackwater says its employees responded properly to an insurgent attack on a convoy. 
Starting at $12,990 2009 Honda Civic Hybrid Driving a Toyota Prius is a statement to your friends and neighbors that you're green; driving a Honda Civic Hybrid is living green, pure and simple. Starting at $18,665 2008 Scion xB With its low, low price, boxy-yet-stylish shape and must-have technology, the Scion xB makes a youthful statement just by showing up. With seating for 6, Mazda5 brings the capacity for carpooling without the style penalties of its larger minivan competitors, and fuel economy up to 28 mpg doesn't hurt either. 
The greatest fear of every doctor or nurse is that [a situation like Beck's] is going to happen in our emergency department," says Mason, the immediate past president of the Emergency Nurses Association. Don't forget the phone If things get really bad, and no one is helping you, look for a house phone, dial zero, and ask for the hospital administrator on call, Sayah says. " I will admit that," says Dr. Assaad Sayah, who runs three emergency rooms for Cambridge Health Alliance in the Boston, Massachusetts, area. " 
It's part of a charity campaign to benefit food banks across the country -- "Three Songs for Three Cans or Three Dollars." Specifically recording songs to promote a tour featuring a pairing of acts is a new idea -- and possibly one whose time has come, given the re-emergence of singles in the digital download age. Members of Styx, REO Speedwagon and Journey in 2003. 
Watch as 'millionaires' go on the run » Police were not confirming the identities of those involved but they were working with the family of one of the individuals named in the media, Harvey said. Gao owned a petrol station in Rotorua, a lakeside tourist town famous for its hot water springs and bubbling mud pools. And the day after, the couple went missing. 
Congress established the National Moment of Remembrance. " In this shared remembrance, we connect as Americans." Americans were asked to take one minute at 3 p.m. Monday to pause and reflect on those who died in battle. " 
She said fellow LGBT activist Cathy Nelson especially motivates her. Nelson realized it was also an opportunity to shine the spotlight on an issue she'd worked on for almost a decade -- the passage of a hate crimes bill that would make attacks based on sexual orientation, disability, or gender a federal crime. Nelson's passion for the cause has enabled her to inspire thousands of people across the country to get involved. 
His Falcons salary, he said, was between $10 million and $12 million. He could return to professional football as soon as September if reinstated by the NFL, according to the sports agent who negotiated Vick's 10-year, $140 million contract with the Falcons. Meanwhile, Vick's attorneys have said he will work at a Newport News construction firm after his release and he has also agreed to participate in a documentary for $600,000. 
Galanos: Do you think Adam has an unfair advantage since he was an understudy for the Broadway tour of "Wicked"? How much could you do before they'd say, "You aren't an amateur anymore. DeGarmo: I think people now realize that "American Idol" is such a launching spot for anyone's career. 
The president participated at the 141st annual Memorial Day wreath-laying ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery's Tomb of the Unknowns. The 3 p.m. observances included, among other things, an interruption of Major League Baseball games and the pausing of the Washington Memorial Day Parade. Last week, roughly five dozen professors sent a letter to Obama calling the tradition offensive to African-Americans. 
The U.N. Security Council called an emergency meeting Monday after world leaders reacted with outrage to North Korea's latest nuclear test. They think this will enhance and embolden their diplomatic capability to deal with the other countries," said Han Sung Joo, former South Korean ambassador to the United States. " The Russian Defense Ministry said the explosion was between 10 to 20 kilotons. 
A revised complaint against Huckaby, 28, of Tracy, California, was made public just hours before she was due back in court on Friday. If convicted on the murder, rape and kidnapping charges, Huckaby, could face the death penalty or life in prison without parole, authorities said. CNN's Alan Duke and Jim Roope contributed to this report 
I am a very spiritual person, and it was very important to me to be conscious, clear-minded and alert at the time of my death," she said, according to Compassion & Choices. " Oregon says 401 people have died under the terms of its law. It said Fleming had worked with the organization's volunteers to consider her choices. " 
They have investigated whether the former Bolingbrook, Illinois, police sergeant removed a blue plastic container from his home the night before his wife was reported missing. An environmental surveyor from Lyons, Illinois, who was conducting tests at an industrial site in southwest Chicago found the remains Friday afternoon. Police said he called his supervisors to report he'd seen what appeared to be a human foot and leg. 
Judge Kramer's comments echoed the country's response to the case. " The resulting public outrage saw the government's child secretary, Ed Balls, step in to demand the removal of the council's head of children's services, Sharon Shoesmith, with two other leading officials also stepping down. Any decent person who heard the catalogue of medical conditions and non-accidental injuries suffered by Peter cannot fail to have been appalled." 
Aldo Pontecorvo of the humanitarian agency World Vision said the shaking lasted about 20 seconds. Thousands of panicked people streamed into the streets as stopped cars snarled traffic. It came out of nowhere and "without any warning," said Pontecorvo, who said he was in his office when the quake struck. 
Ahmed told local journalists that he feared these foreign fighters would turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan, where U.S.-led forces are fighting Islamic extremist groups. Al-Shabab -- once the armed wing of the Islamic Courts Union -- has been designated as a terrorist group by the United States, which says it is affiliated with the al Qaeda terrorist network. The recent fighting has killed more than 40 civilians and wounded about 150 others, according to sources at the scene. 
Watch Sri Lanka dispell allegations » "The process of national reconciliation we feel must be all inclusive so that in can fully address the legitimate aspirations of the Tamil as well as other minorities. Many have had their homes destroyed are struggling for food, clean water, emergency health kits, cooking pots and school supplies, relief agencies say. But while thousands partied Friday, humanitarian organizations worried about the estimated 250,000 refugees the war created in northeast Sri Lanka. 
The information was gathered from March 11-18 in hopes of stemming further troubles in Darfur after Sudan's government expelled 13 international relief organizations from the wartorn region. While a significant effort is being made by the government, by the U.N., by the NGOs [nongovernmental organizations] which are left, to plug some of the immediate gaps in these areas, these are at the same time, 'Band-Aid' solutions, not long term solutions," Holmes said. As the rainy season arrives within the next two months, people living in weak temporary shelters, in flood-prone locations where latrines can fill and overflow, will become at extreme risk of disease and death. " 
See one of Goodwill's fashion shows » Hurley said things really took off after they launched a viral marketing campaign and the very successful DCGoodWillFashions blog. To change the negative perception, Hurley said that four years ago they started a campaign to make the stores more appealing as a source of inexpensive fashions by holding virtual and live fashion shows. Ransom said even Hollywood types are getting in on the act, as wardrobe consultants for television shows and movies are also perusing the racks for good buys. 
Pelosi was one of a handful of lawmakers who was briefed by the Central Intelligence Agency in 2002, but she now accuses the agency of lying to her and hiding what it was doing. Maybe that's part of the reason she's in trouble right now. She is Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic speaker of the House of Representatives, the most powerful woman in Washington and lately, a target for Republicans. 
With the help of machines such a portable EKGs, compact ultrasounds and X-ray programs for laptops, they can provide even more extensive care to patients in their own homes than their 1930s counterparts. Carter says it was tough because "I really don't have very much help to take him out." He usually sees them once a month to check on their status, to make sure their medications are working, and to let them know he's there for them. 
Stegall and the staff at Rome's Redmond Regional Medical Center were inspired by Gonzalez's attitude and courage and set out to reunite the dying teen with his parents. Gingrey got the State Department involved in expediting visas for Pascual and Maria Gonzalez, Juan's parents. Delta Air Lines donated tickets to Atlanta, and the Gonzalezes boarded a plane for the first time, bound for Georgia to see their dying son. 
That's more than all the people (men, women and children) who live in the United States, Britain and Canada combined. He spent the last few years reviving the grassroots base of the Congress party. They are also the perfect symbol, in this case, of India's unique strengths -- which are defined not by government power but people power with all the messiness and chaos that implies. 
The victims were last seen about 10 p.m. Wednesday leaving the Dulac, Louisiana-area en route to Bayou Dularge, the sheriff's office said. The bodies were not discovered until Thursday morning, when people began arriving on the barge for work and saw the boat and one body, Bourgeois said. The victims' damaged boat was partially submerged under the barge, he said. 
The Secretary-General welcomed the announcement by the government expressing its intention to dismantle the welfare villages at the earliest as outlined in the plan to resettle the bulk of IDPs and call for its early implementation." United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on Saturday visited refugee camps housing such victims. " He said he would urge the government to expedite the screening and processing of refugees and ensure that displaced camps have adequate supplies of food, medicine and water. 
Looks count when it comes to a criminal trial," agreed Laurie Levenson, a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles. " The question the jury must answer is straightforward: Did Spector, 67, shoot Clarkson, 40, in the face after she spurned his romantic advances and tried to leave his home? She cites several well-known cases in which jurors later said their impressions of the defendant influenced their verdicts: Attorneys long ago learned how to manipulate nonverbal cues to communicate with juries. " 
While Everest is not considered the most technically challenging climb by experienced mountaineers, the world's highest peak attracts an array of climbers who spend tens of thousands of dollars for the chance to make it to the top. Many of the mountaineers noticed the young Sherpa who, despite his small size, was able to carry large loads "with strength, quickness and a wide smile," according to his biography. Apa began working as an expedition porter for Everest climbers to earn money after his father died when he was 12 years old, according to his biography on his team's Web site, SuperSherpas.com. 
Hughes, 47, was unmarried with no children of his own and had until recently been a marine biologist at the University of Alaska Fairbanks. Poets Ted Hughes and Sylvia Plath had separated before their son's first birthday. He was a man who reached his mid-forties, an adventurous marine biologist with a distinguished academic career behind him and a host of friends and achievements in his own right. 
It was only her second day of work, she said, and she had no idea of the tragedy that unfolded in the burned duplex two weeks before. But St. Paul's offers the soup kitchen only a block off the Broadway main drag, and the tumbledown housing on Montgomery Street, including the burned duplex, is just a two-minute walk away. Watch Menke talk about how the tragedy has galvanized Greenville » St. Paul's sees firsthand the poverty that led to the boy having to sleep on the sofa, because he had no bed in the half of the duplex he shared with nine other people. 
In the letter, Selebi said he was resigning because he did not wish the allegations against him "to bring the good work of this august body into disrepute." " According to widespread media reports, the upcoming charges hinge on Selebi's dealings with Glen Agliotti, a convicted drug smuggler. In return Selebi allegedly handed over confidential intelligence reports from the British authorities relating to Agliotti's suspected drug-trafficking activities, according to the newspaper. 
The U.S. officials transferred the suspects onto the amphibious assault ship USS Boxer, the flagship for the international anti-piracy task force, the Navy said, before releasing them. A team from the Gettysburg boarded the skiff, along with members of the U.S. Coast Guard Legal Detachment and detained the six suspected pirates. The United States is spearheading an international naval task force in the waters off Somalia that launched in February after a rash of attacks. 
Limbaugh and Cheney emerged from the leadership vacuum -- Limbaugh from his legions of listeners and Cheney in his emergent role as the sole defender of the Bush White House. The road forward for Republicans is not to be 'liberal-lite,' " said Matalin. " Conservatives blame moderates for the losses, saying the party didn't present a contrast with Democrats and the only way for it to be successful is to lean harder to the right. 
The suit asks that Coleman and anyone "acting at his direction" be forbidden from entering the home again and that he provide a list of items already removed. In addition, the suit tries to establish a timeline of events before and after the killings, saying the Colemans took the deed to their home in 2005, but six months ago, ownership was transferred to Christoper Coleman alone. " Lawyers in the civil suit also allege that in the period between the killings and his arrest, Coleman removed personal property from the home. 
The report, the "National Intelligence Assessment on the National Security Implications of Global Climate Change to 2030," relied on U.S. government, military, academic and United Nations studies of climate change. Costs begin to mount thereafter, however, and some parts of the United States -- particularly built-up coastal areas -- will be at greater risk of extreme weather events and potentially high costs related to losses in complex infrastructure." Most studies suggest the United States as a whole will enjoy modest economic benefits over the next few decades, largely due to the increased crop yields," he said. " 
The telescope was rejuvenated with instruments designed to improve its capabilities by as much as 70 times, while extending its lifetime through at least 2014, according to the NASA statement. " Hubble, which has been in space for nearly two decades, can capture clear images that telescopes on Earth cannot, partly because it does not have to gaze through murky atmospheres. Space shuttle Atlantis landed Sunday at Edwards Air Force Base after rainy weather in Florida precluded a landing at Kennedy Space Center. 
There was a loud explosion while we were praying and all of us ran out screaming," he said. The bomb exploded inside the church when the explosion happened," senior police officer Kedar Man Singh Bhandari told CNN over the phone. CNN's Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report. 
But the fact that Philadelphia, Mississippi, with its notorious past, could elect a black man as mayor, it might be time to quit picking on Philadelphia, Mississippi." He eventually worked his way up to become the director of the EMT unit, and that catapulted him to his first elected job as a county supervisor in 1991. But the groundwork for Young's climb to the top of Philadelphia's political world started decades ago. 
Two Japanese destroyers set sail earlier this month on an anti-piracy mission off Somalia, the Japanese defense ministry said. A french navy helicopter watches over a cargo vessel in the Gulf of Aden earlier this year. In response, a number of countries have deployed ships from their navies to the region, including the United States, China and Japan. 
It was a case of fifth time lucky for Haneke, who has previously been nominated for the award for "Funny Games" (1997), "Code Unknown" (2000), "The Piano Teacher" (2001) and "Hidden" (2005). " The White Ribbon," by Austrian director Michael Haneke, was awarded the prize for its depiction of the cruel punishments meted out at a rural German school before the First World War. " The American actress Robin Wright Penn, who also sat on the festival jury, laughed off rumors that the decision was hotly disputed. " 
People say I didn't change very much but I don't think that's true. I was lucky because my career kind of gradually built up over two years -- I always had good work but I wasn't a star straight away. The woman nicknamed "Supernova" tells My City_My Life about her tough childhood, her love of Moscow and why Russian vodka is the best. 
Frank -- who left Brown after one year in the late 1930s because he couldn't afford to stay -- gave the school a $100 million endowment in 2004. I said, "$37,000, that's going to be split over four years, so essentially I'm getting a $10,000 scholarship per year.' " He really wanted kids who were coming from very economically challenged backgrounds to have the chance to make it all the way through," said Halstead, who attended Sunday's graduation ceremony. 
The 23-year-old forward is the top scorer in French Ligue 1 with 17 goals this season -- and has been selected by coach Raymond Domenech ahead of Paris St-Germain striker Guillaume Hoarau. France are currently third in European Group Seven with just one win to show from their first three matches. They trail Serbia and Lithuania by five points but have a game in hand on both nations. 
Robinho is our son and left Santos with our supervision," he told TV Globo. " Pele was asked about problems in football, and said that the problems are few compared to other sports. " The Brazilian legend was quoted as saying that Robinho and former world footballer of the year Ronaldo used recreational drugs at a private party in Sao Paolo. 
View reactions to the ruling » A new effort, dubbed Yes on Equality, has begun working to place an initiative on the 2010 ballot that would repeal Proposition 8. While I believe that one day either the people or courts will recognize gay marriage, as governor of California, I will uphold the decision of the California Supreme Court," Schwarzenegger said in a written statement. Watch what was at stake » The decision sparked protests in San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego. " 
The second killing never occurred, the statement said, because the proposed hit man was a cooperating witness in the case. Bergrin also is charged with wire fraud and money laundering, Marra said. Javal Davis, one of seven people charged in the Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal in Iraq. 
The golden rule at barter clubs is to offer an honest product for an honest price," says Ruben Ravera, co-founder of Argentina's Red Global de Trueque (Global Barter Network). " That's only 4 or 5 pesos -- that's a big difference," says Maria Rosa Araya, 37. I come here because I don't have a job, and this is the only way for me to survive and get the things that I need," says Vasquez, who trades wool and women's shoes for pasta and rice. 
She was placed on a Texas registry of individuals found to have abused children but, despite the listing, she now teaches at a public high school in Virginia, Price told the committee. Miller's committee is considering new laws governing what actions teachers can take to rein in disruptive special-needs students. The GAO investigation found that teachers and school staff frequently lack training in correct restraint methods, and in some cases, where improper restraints led to injuries, teachers often kept their jobs. 
Waiting for nations to take the lead with a new climate protocol in Copenhagen in December is not an option, said David Miller, mayor of Toronto and chairman of the C40 Cities Leadership Group. " Representing around 600 million people worldwide, mayors and policymakers in Seoul have the ability to make a difference with climate change policies, the former U.S. president added. If there are ways for the governments to create incentives, like grants for solar power, then you can kick-start the economy on the right path, but cities and government importantly have to do that now. 
According to a 2006 report by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, the use of illicit drugs in America is nearly the same in cities and rural areas, 8.7 percent compared to 7.8 percent respectively. Americans are screaming for drugs" and there's millions to be made, she said. " Perry said local authorities are trying "to stamp out the local demand," adding, "As long as we've got a market for it, they're gonna bring it up here." 
There was a loud explosion while we were praying and all of us ran out screaming," he said. The bomb exploded inside the church when the explosion happened," senior police officer Kedar Man Singh Bhandari told CNN over the phone. CNN's Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report. 
Because driving legislation through the European Parliament requires the building of cross-party coalitions more than 50 percent of amendments proposed in the European Parliament end up as law. They are the only elected part of the European apparatus which is otherwise dominated by European Councils (meetings of the prime ministers or finance or trade or interior ministers from the 27 nations) or the European Commission. The EU is one of the largest aid donors in the world, dispensing some $15 billion a year across five continents and MEPs have a significant say in that. 
Cyclone Aila, which made landfall on Monday, has swept away nearly 180,000 homes and affected the lives of more than 3.3 million people, he said. In India, the number of storm-related deaths climbed to 69 Wednesday, according to an emergency official. Cyclone Aila struck eastern India, causing an estimated $8 million damage in one district alone. 
Hot Fun in the Summertime" -- released in summer 1969 -- might be a tribute to the fun of summer days to one listener, while another might see satire about the summertime race riots of the late '60s. Stone's media shyness in recent decades earned him a comparison to the late billionaire recluse Howard Hughes, but he's just been living his life and making his music out of the glare of great expectations that superstars suffer. " It's not like he wasn't making music," said Novena Carmel, his 27-year-old daughter. " 
Last year he stayed in 80 hotels in 40 countries and one of his biggest gripes is returning to his hotel after a gig and finding the bar is closed. " The fans, some of them, think they have a God-given right, just because they're staying in the same hotel, to put a camera in your face over your cornflakes." " While Taylor has experience running a restaurant and hotel, "The Inn on the Green," Smallwood's experience in the hotel industry is based on 30 years on the road with Iron Maiden. 
Kai is a 5-year-old boy who lives in my neighborhood in New York City. Kai has a rare form of leukemia. I want to tell you about Kai Anderson. 
It's true that our fantastic quality larger bras cost more money to make, and we felt it was right to reflect this in the prices we charged," the ad said. " We couldn't have done this without you," the two administrators of the group, Becky Mount and Beckie Williams, posted Friday on Facebook. " And it pointed out that the store doesn't charge extra for larger sizes of clothing, so it shouldn't charge more for larger undergarments. 
His Falcons salary, he said, was between $10 million and $12 million. He could return to professional football as soon as September if reinstated by the NFL, according to the sports agent who negotiated Vick's 10-year, $140 million contract with the Falcons. Meanwhile, Vick's attorneys have said he will work at a Newport News construction firm after his release and he has also agreed to participate in a documentary for $600,000. 
These ads typically include words such as "busty," or "fantasy girl" in their descriptions. This is at best an empty threat, says Matt Zimmerman, a senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Catherine, a self-described sex worker from San Francisco, confirmed for CNET that she successfully posted an ad for her services to the adult section late last week. 
If Sotomayor is able to maintain the support of just a few of those GOP senators this year, Senate Republicans would face an almost impossible task in defeating her nomination, even by filibuster, which requires 40 votes. Conservatives argue Sotomayor has a "hard-left record" and believes that judges should consider experiences of women and minorities in their decision-making. I hope that as the Senate and American people learn more about me, they will see that I am an ordinary person who has been blessed with extraordinary opportunities and experiences. 
Their bodies were found May 5 in the bedrooms of the Coleman's two-story home in Columbia, Illinois, a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri. As a police patrol car carrying Coleman arrived at the Monroe County courthouse for Wednesday's hearing, a waiting crowd shouted "murderer" and "baby killer," according to video posted on the Web site of CNN affiliate KSDK. This horrible tragedy has deeply saddened us all and although nothing can compensate for the loss of this beautiful family, our ministry remains fully behind the diligent efforts of the law enforcement community," the statement said. 
If confirmed, Sonia Sotomayor would be the sixth Catholic justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. Five of those justices -- Samuel Alito, Anthony Kennedy, Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas and Chief Justice John Roberts -- are currently on the court. " Of the 110 people who have served on the Supreme Court, 11 have been Catholic. 
In that vote, the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) became the largest party, with 38 percent of the seats in the 601-member constituent assembly which also functions as parliament. Madhav Kumar Nepal waves at his supporters at the country's parliament in Kathmandu. Nepal had been general secretary since 1993 and served as the country's deputy prime minister for nine months in 1995. 
We get a unique insight into just what a royal's boat looks like and the kinds of technological toys and state-of-the-art equipment a King likes to equip it with. For more sailing features -- including the 10 weirdest sailing terms you'll ever hear -- visit the MainSail homepage. Speaking with the one of the boat's crew members, Ignacio Triay, CNN MainSail presenter Shirley Robertson finds that the King's boat is, indeed, at the cutting edge of modern sailing. 
And while the man on the far right of Manet's painting cocks the gun and delivers the coup de grace, the figure in "Execution" has a similar role, said Simon. " A junior investment banker in his 20s at the time, Simon would spend $250,000 Hong Kong dollars ($32,200), or two-thirds of his annual salary, on "Execution." He determined that he would walk out on the most important job he could think of in investment banking, one that earned him more than a million dollars a year. " 
I recently saw an old episode of "West Wing," where Edward James Olmos, playing a fictional Puerto Rican federal judge, was nominated to become the first Latino on the U.S. Supreme Court. The sum of her life is exactly what we should look for on this court: excellent academic credentials, an accomplished legal career in private and government practice, and appointments to federal benches by Republican and Democrat presidents. When she assumes her position on the bench in October, no other justice will have had the depth of legal experience she holds, and none will have served as a trial judge. 
Sri Lankan authorities allege that Prabhakaran was avenging Gandhi's decision to send Indian peacekeepers to Sri Lanka. Over the weekend, the militants offered to "silence" their guns after an intense military offensive decimated their ranks, usurping them from their stronghold in the north and east of the country, and cornered the remaining rebels on a small stretch of land. Prabhakaran operated from a secret jungle base in the northeastern part of the country, granting few media interviews and remaining an elusive figure to even many Tigers. 
What happened to Smith is one example of a wide range of fake check scams carried out in the United States every year. American consumers are mostly unfamiliar with the time needed to process checks and money orders, say consumer watchdogs. Thousands of Americans learn a painful lesson in banking every day: Waiting for a check to clear and then getting access to the money from a bank doesn't mean the check has really cleared. 
If convicted, Suu Kyi, 63, could be sentenced to three to five years in prison. Watch the U.N. secretary general explain what he is doing for Suu Kyi » Her latest round of home detention -- after five years of confinement -- expires Wednesday, according to her supporters at home and abroad. Under questioning by a judge for half an hour, Suu Kyi said she provided Yettaw food but allowed him only to "stay temporarily." 
About 300 boats positioned themselves as close as possible to the site, and cheers went up when the Vandenberg slipped beneath the water seven miles south of Key West, the spokesman said. When he heard about its future as part of an artificial reef, Utecht said, "My feeling was one of elation." " The 17,250-ton ship sank in less than two minutes, said Andy Newman, spokesman for the Florida Keys Tourism Council. 
The Army has reported 64 potential active-duty suicides this year; 35 have been confirmed as suicides, and 29 are pending determination of manner of death. Townsend exhorted any soldier who suspects that a fellow soldier may be feeling suicidal to act -- first by asking how the soldier feels, then by escorting him or her to help. " More often than not, these are individuals who'll get liquored up, so to speak, and have access to a gun and die from a self-inflicted gunshot wound," Kaplan said. 
Industry analysts say the decision is a simple matter of dollars and cents: GM is now the third-biggest car manufacturer in China, which has recently overtaken the U.S. as the world's largest car market. " Do we really want the United States of America to export its auto industry paid for by the taxpayer, and un-employ workers to a dictatorship to a country like China?" Adds U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown, a Democrat from Ohio: "That cannot be a part of their restructuring of this company. 
Noll and her co-authors cite the Proteus effect, or the idea that the presentation of oneself can affect the behavior of the presenter and the receiver. " The program presents users with hundreds of possibilities spanning all shapes and sizes; users can choose anything from a fully dressed persona to a scantily clad one. The authors held a laboratory session in which they asked the girls to create avatars on a program designed to mimic a popular social networking site, which the authors did not name in the study. 
Madonna, then a cash-strapped student, received $25 for the entire photo shoot. Most of the pictures from the shoot were ultimately featured in Playboy magazine in 1985. The full frontal photograph was one of several taken by American photographer Lee Friedlander in 1979. 
spends one long night infiltrating the galleries of the Smithsonian Institution, where he attempts to rescue the exhibits he first got to know at the American Museum of Natural History. ( Battle of the Smithsonian" has plenty of life. The T.rex, the capuchin monkeys, Attila the Hun -- all have been shipped to the archives of the Smithsonian. 
But this concept won't be fulfilled unless we have health reform that increases the number of primary care physicians. Their research shows that increasing the number of primary care physicians results in a significant increase in the quality of health care and a reduction of cost to patients. At issue, then, is not the total number of physicians, but the number of family physicians and their primary care colleagues. 
The statement said: "Peter Andre and Katie Price are separating after four-and-a-half years of marriage," the British Press Association reported. " Price first made her name as a tabloid newspaper topless model, but has since gone on to become a television star, author and clothes designer. Price has a 6-year-old son Harvey, by footballer Dwight Yorke, who is disabled. 
It was their first win in eight matches and guaranteed them Champions League action next season. News of Cannavaro's return came less than 24 hours after the club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri and replaced him with former player and youth coach Ciro Ferrara. After an experience in Portugal and in the Bundesliga, I will be able to prove my worth at a high level but difficult competition," he added. " 
On the international stage, Busacca was also in charge of the Euro 2008 semifinal between Germany and Turkey and the 2006 World Cup last 16 match between Argentina and Mexico. It will not be a militarised city," Rome authority spokesman Giovanni Pecorari told Press Association Sport. " Busacca, 40, will be assisted by his compatriots Matthias Arnet and Francesco Buragina, while the fourth official will be Claudio Circhetta. 
Mourinho made his mark at Porto in 2004 when he led the Portuguese team to the Champions League title, beating Monaco 3-0 in the final, before moving to Chelsea. Those comments failed to impress Inter president Massimo Moratti, but the extended contract has settled any differences. When asked about the chance he could leave Inter, Mourinho had earlier told the club Web site: "There is still a 0.01% (chance). 
MTN CEO Phuthuma Nhleko called the case for such a deal "highly compelling," saying, a merged company would have "leading positions in three of the fastest growing wireless markets globally -- India, Africa and the Middle East, with no overlapping footprint." Singapore Telecommunications, a major existing shareholder in Bharti, will remain if the deal is implemented, according to Bharti. Bharti would also be able to fully consolidate the accounts of MTN under the deal, MTN's statement said. 
It stars French starlet Ludivine Sagnier as a young woman who rejects the amorous advances of a flashy, wealthy man her age, in favor of a sleazy affair with a fickle, 60 year-old father figure. Chabrol began his career in 1956, earning his stripes alongside fellow New Wave directors Jean-Luc Godard and Francois Truffaut. Sagnier's fate since her collaboration with Chabrol has, thankfully, been a decidedly rosier affair: Since finishing "The Girl Cut in Two," she has starred in Jean-Francois Richet's, "Public Enemy No. 
When I arrive in Sweden, I'm surprised to find that the guests actually spend a lot of time in a pair of heated chalets that look like life-size gingerbread houses. Budget Travel Dream Trip: Scale a volcano in Ecuador After my dinner, wrapped in several layers of fleece and down, I waddle out to a tepee for a folk concert by native Laplander Yana Mangi. Wielding chain saws and chisels, they spend weeks crafting frozen furniture while electricians install lights to provide an ethereal glow. 
Aldo Pontecorvo of the humanitarian agency World Vision said the shaking lasted about 20 seconds. Thousands of panicked people streamed into the streets as stopped cars snarled traffic. It came out of nowhere and "without any warning," said Pontecorvo, who said he was in his office when the quake struck. 
We visit the main shipyard and spend the day with a foreman who has been working there for more than 30 years. In step with the anniversaries of the events themselves, CNN will invite viewers to take part in our ambitious account of how Europe has changed over the last 20 years and what the future may hold." Polish Cuisine: CNN speaks to Krakow's top celebrity chef and historian Robert Maklowicz about Polish cuisine and the recent trend to return to its roots. -- 
Since his death in 1994, his family has been waiting for the Defense Department to answer their requests that Valdez be included on "The Wall." When notification came weeks ago from the Defense Department that Valdez's name would be added to the Wall, there was no explanation with it. The night he had to go to the bus station for his second tour of duty, that was the last time I saw him walking," the son recalled. " 
We will continue our cat-and-mouse tactics with them (the military) until oil export ceases completely," the MEND statement said. The armed militant group demands that more of Nigeria's oil wealth be reinvested in the region instead of enriching those whom they consider corrupt politicians. The recent violence -- which has included attacks on pipelines and hostage-taking -- has limited shipment of crude oil supplies out of Nigeria, Africa's largest producer. " 
Some machines, even with modest refurbishments every couple of years, have lasted for 30 years. Some coin-operated newspaper machines have lasted for 30 years, but lack of sales may force their retirement. In 1985, Sho-Rack sold its 1 millionth newspaper machine and it has sold several hundred thousand since. 
Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair recently told reporters the biggest cyber threat facing the United States is from nation states, particularly Russia and China. " National Security Agency executive Sandra Stenar-Johnson said that plan consisted of 12 initiatives with three goals: reduce the current vulnerabilities in the system, defend against the full spectrum of threats, and develop next-generation technologies to maintain an edge over adversaries. The czar will report to both the national security adviser and the head of the National Economic Council, the sources said. 
Pinhel is a delightful maze of winding streets and makes a great base for hiking in the nearby park land, Serra da Estrela, or for visiting the Côa Valley, where rock faces are inscribed with Paleolithic art. Book an afternoon boat trip out of Albufeira Marina with one of the numerous agents on the Rua 5 de Outubro and be sure to take a camera to capture the golden afternoon light on the crumbling cliffs. There's great hiking in the fragrant pine woods and peach orchards less than 20 miles inland, around the spa town of Monchique -- a cluster of tiny houses and 18th-century mansions tumbling down a steep, wooded valley. 
At least 50 people were thought to have been inside the two-story building at the time, said police spokesman Ray Nazar Hayat. Three others were identified as bodies of "terrorists," said City Commissioner Khusro Pervez. Authorities expected the death toll to rise as rescue workers picked through twisted metal and other debris from the building, looking for more bodies. 
Last July, Green's relatives said they planned to file a $25 million lawsuit against the city and the hospital and called for criminal charges against hospital workers. He said the settlement "is not meant to put a value on a life and the loss of a loved one. The clots came from deep vein thrombosis, which complicated Green's chronic paranoid schizophrenia, she said. 
In the Eurovision Song Contest, which began in 1956, each participating European nation submits one singer or group who then perform a specially-written song. Earlier police arrested dozens of gay and lesbian rights activists who were planning a rally to coincide with the contest. The boyish Rybak -- who performed a self-composed tune, "Fairytale," with some deft dance steps and a smile plastered on his face -- won with 387 points, the most in the contest's 53-year history, organizers said. 
I helped to destroy a family and end the lives of four of my fellow human beings, and I wish that I could take it back, but I cannot," Green said, reading a statement at a victim impact hearing. " The wailing family matriarch, Hajia al-Janabi, lunged at Green as she left the witness stand, denouncing him as a coward, a criminal and a stigma on the United States, according to Louisville's Courier-Journal newspaper. Bryan Howard -- received sentences ranging from 27 months to 110 years, with the possibility of parole in 10 years in the most severe cases. 
Just before he left the presidency, Roh became the first South Korean leader to cross the demilitarized zone and meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il. Officials and dignitaries gathered in Seoul's Kyungbok Palace to honor former President Roh Moo-Hyun, who committed suicide last week. The mood on South Korea's influential blogs and message boards was somber and split between messages of comfort, dismay at Roh's decision to end his life and angry accusations against prosecutors and the government. " 
On Thursday, White House staffers met with aides to Democrats on the Judiciary Committee to go over this and their strategies for Sotomayor's confirmation, according to a Senate Democratic aide involved in the confirmation process. During that speech, she said: "I would hope that a wise Latina woman, with the richness of her experiences, would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn't lived that life." Judge Sonia Sotomayor would be the first Hispanic on the U.S. Supreme Court. " 
In Atlanta, Georgia, which has one of the greatest concentrations of Mexican residents in the southeastern United States, Yasmin Gutierrez runs a company that Mexican immigrants use to send dollars abroad. " The prolonged deceleration of economic activity in the United States has adversely affected the opportunities for employment in that country and, consequently, those of the Mexican migrants," the bank said in a statement posted on its Web site. Rosina Gonzalez, who ran a Western Union office in Atlanta several years ago and recently returned to the job, said she has noticed a big change. 
He estimates he owns about 200 pairs of sneakers, including a pair of Nike Air Jordan XIs with patent-leather trim called "Space Jams." Asked about her multicolored hightops, Cook said, "I couldn't tell you what these are called. Castaneda's girlfriend, Melissa Bailey, 26, said Castaneda actually bought three pairs. 
The January-March quarter for Japan was 15.4 percent lower than the same time period last year, according to figures released by the Cabinet Office. Meanwhile, Nissan lost $2.3 billion for the year. Sony Corp. announced net losses of $1 billion for the fiscal year ending March 31, finishing a year in the red for the first time in 14 years. 
In addition, two private schools in Manhattan -- St. Davis Academy and Horace Mann -- have decided on their own to close after a number of students exhibited flu-like symptoms, according the schools' Web sites. In addition, two private schools in Manhattan -- St. Davis Academy and Horace Mann -- have decided on their own to close after a number of students exhibited flu-like symptoms, according the schools' Web sites. The outbreak has sickened at least 10,176 people and caused at least 80 deaths -- mostly in Mexico, according to the World Health Organization. 
North Korea agreed in 2008 to scrap its nuclear weapons program -- which it said had produced enough plutonium for about seven atomic bombs -- in exchange for economic aid. On Wednesday, the country threatened military action after South Korea joined a U.S.-led effort to limit the trafficking of weapons of mass destruction. But the deal foundered over verification and disclosure issues, and the North expelled international inspectors and announced plans to restart its main nuclear reactor at the Yongbyon complex. 
Sharapova will now face qualifier Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan for a place in the last 16. But Sharapova hit back in the eighth game to level and held her own service under pressure in the next two games. She had shoulder surgery in August last year and missed both the U.S. Open and Australian Open as fears for her future in the game grew. 
Ahmed told local journalists that he feared these foreign fighters would turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan, where U.S.-led forces are fighting Islamic extremist groups. Al-Shabab -- once the armed wing of the Islamic Courts Union -- has been designated as a terrorist group by the United States, which says it is affiliated with the al Qaeda terrorist network. The recent fighting has killed more than 40 civilians and wounded about 150 others, according to sources at the scene. 
For example, you might be able to find work at a museum, but you the odds of you transitioning into a curator can be extremely difficult without extensive education in art history and related courses. When I helped with one of the projects in that lab, I realized that my old, unmentioned experience related to what I was doing at that time." Depending on the job, you might need a degree and an internship, a degree and work experience, or the right connections to even land an interview. 
Race is very important because not all skin is the same," said Dr. Susan Taylor of The Skin of Color Center, a dermatology group focusing on the needs of patients of color. Pigmentation doesn't give you a free pass," said Dr. Charles E. Crutchfield III, a dermatologist specializing in ethnic skin and the doctor who treated Tiffany Wilson. " I just assumed, 'I'm a person of color, I'll be OK,' " she said. 
He said the couple has been charged with 10 counts of steroid possession with intent to distribute, 10 counts of importing the drugs and one count of maintaining a residence for drug sales. The arrest report says Richard Thomas told officers he was "the biggest steroids dealer in central Florida." Bond for Richard and Sandra Thomas was set at $215,000 each, said Carrie Eleazer, spokeswoman for the Polk County Sheriff's Office, and Sandra Thomas was released on bail Wednesday afternoon. 
The satellite imagery, obtained by the Institute for Science and International Security from DigitalGlobe, shows the rocket at the Musudan-ri launch site in northeastern North Korea, casting a shadow on the ground below. Gates said that he believes economic sanctions are the best tool to getting countries like North Korea and Iran to the negotiating table. If (the missile launch) is Kim Jong-Il's welcoming present to a new president ... it says a lot about the imperviousness of this regime in North Korea to any kind of diplomatic overtures." 
That is where Randy and Linda Musser live -- on more than 100 acres of land, 62 of them within the memorial park boundaries. White's cousin, Louis Nacke, was killed on United Flight 93. The National Park Service says time is running out if the memorial is to be ready by September 11, 2011, the 10-year anniversary of the terrorist attacks. 
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier called it a "responsible solution" that would preserve the highest number of jobs. Along with Sberbank, Russia's biggest bank, Russian automaker GAZ Group will provide some financing, said Andrzej Kasperek, director of corporate business development with GAZ. " We will, and I want to stress that again, preserve all the German Opel locations," said Magna co-Chief Executive Siegfried Wolf. " 
The Mexican navy dispatched a helicopter, which located the 15-meter-long (49-foot-long) vessel and carried out the rescue by air, the navy said in a news release. They said they had departed Costa Rica's on May 6 but, five days later, their motor stopped working and, unable to repair it, they had been adrift and without food since. A naval patrol boat towed the boat to Puerto Chiapas, arriving there Wednesday morning. 
They're bigger, brawnier, and faster than the typical male, but are National Football League players healthier than other men their age? Health.com: How to eat out without getting fat The study found that NFL athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other men-- regardless of the size of the player or his position. " If you're a heavier player, a lineman that's over 300 pounds, really what it comes down to is a lifestyle change and eating healthier, losing weight when you are done, and staying active and staying healthy," says Bannan, who is 6'3" and 310 pounds. " 
SCAD senior Shelby Simon feels some students went into fashion because they like to shop, but she warns there is so much more to learn about the craft.. "The truth is hard work, nose to the grind stone and learning. Designer Yigal Azrouël talks with students at the Savannah College of Art and Design. " See the runway fashions » "Everyone needs an assistant so hopefully I'll be able to find something pretty easily," said Caitlin Clarke. 
Sistan-Balochistan province -- which shares a border with Pakistan -- is the site of frequent clashes involving Iranian police, drug dealers and armed groups. The cleric, who put the death toll at 25, condemned the bombing before a congregation on the Tehran University campus. Several suspects have been arrested in connection with Thursday's attack in the town of Zahedan, which killed between 15 and 20 people, according to Iranian media reports. 
Some machines, even with modest refurbishments every couple of years, have lasted for 30 years. Some coin-operated newspaper machines have lasted for 30 years, but lack of sales may force their retirement. In 1985, Sho-Rack sold its 1 millionth newspaper machine and it has sold several hundred thousand since. 
Watch the outcry generated by IBM » IBM has not responded to multiple requests for comment from CNN after the Wall Street Journal's report that the IT giant would be shipping 5,000 U.S. jobs overseas. " Hira, author of the book "Outsourcing America," said it's not just IBM moving jobs out of the United States. " Watch how IBM hopes to benefit from the stimulus » The problem is where those jobs would be, said Ron Hira, a professor of public policy at the Rochester Institute of Technology. " 
His organization has made an emergency appeal for people to donate 1 million rand (about $135,000) to help support the estimated 13,000 who have fled their homes. As South Africans, we must recognize and fully appreciate that we are bound together with other Africans by history, culture, economics and, above all, by destiny. People are angry because they are unemployed, poverty-affected people struggling for basic needs every day," said Dean Christopher Barends, a local Lutheran minister. " 
Seacrest: I've done the show for eight seasons and we've never seen anyone quite like Adam. Seacrest: It's no secret that you're a man of faith, that you referred to the "Christian thing," as it were. He's been probably the most consistent performer this year, and just overall probably one of the best performers that's ever been on the "Idol" stage. 
He said that, over the longer term, he will be looking for evidence that Armstrong is laying down new bone, that the plate is stable, that the athlete's arm is strong and that his motion is fluid. He also had planned to race May 9-31 in the Giro d'Italia, one of Europe's most prestigious and grueling stage races. Watch how Armstrong "tweets" from hospital » Armstrong said he felt "very lucky, very blessed" that, in almost 20 years of professional cycling, he has rarely crashed. " 
Edwards took out his gun -- a Smith and Wesson 9 mm -- and chased the alleged thief, 43-year-old Miguel Santiago, said NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne. Rest assured we will find out exactly what happened here, see what we can learn from it so it may never happen again. Emergency crews responding to the scene found Edwards wearing a police academy T-shirt under his clothes and found his police shield and ID in his front left pants pocket, according to Browne. 
Boyle was upset by winner Diversity, a 10-person dance group from Essex and East London, England, ranging in age from 12 to 25 years old. The 48-year-old Scottish singer wowed audiences and judges during her audition in April when she belted out "I Dreamed a Dream." Reporters made their way to her quiet home in Blackburn, West Lothian, Scotland, much to Boyle's great surprise. " 
Jim Conrad, a former New Hampshire State Police trooper who worked on the case, said Kathy was found in the woods not far from a small gravel road near a popular swimming hole in Franklin, New Hampshire. The German shepherd returned home that day without its 13-year-old master, Kathy Gloddy. Investigators believe the area -- which is only one mile from where she was last seen at the high school -- was merely a dumping site for the body and not the actual crime scene. " 
Read the full report on WTHR Around the nation Quintiles Transnational Corp. is moving its world headquarters to the Research Triangle Park near Raleigh, North Carolina, News 14 Carolina reports. As more troops return home after tours of duty, it's important that we provide tools and resources to help them reintegrate into civilian life," Allegheny County Executive Dan Onorato told WPXI-TV in Pittsburgh. Read the full report on WSMV Midwest: Indiana business to add 125 positions An Indianapolis, Indiana, life science firm is more than doubling the size of its staff. 
Warren said one of the reasons Thomas is particularly stimulating and motivating for children with autism is that it's very predictable. " More doctors and researchers are referring to "autism" as "autisms," because each child's case is different, as are the causes, helpful therapies and potential treatments. We got those results down here, and we thought, how could we leverage that strength and give a little back to the community?" 
Twenty-one percent were rated PG-13 and the remaining 5 percent were PG, she said. The Motion Picture Association of America, the industry group that issues ratings and parental guidance for U.S. films, added smoking scenes as a factor in ratings two years ago, but Fielding said it has not made a difference. " I'm willing to bet that not one child would have enjoyed that movie or Mr. Jackman's performance any less if he hadn't been smoking." 
In closing arguments at the retrial, prosecutor Truc Do called Spector "a very dangerous man" who "has a history of playing Russian roulette with women -- six women. View a timeline of the case » Spector's trial, which began in October, ended last month when jurors deliberated for 30 hours and then announced a guilty verdict on the second-degree murder charge. Slumped, stone-faced and wearing a dark suit and bright red tie, he sat silently throughout his sentencing by Judge Larry Paul Fidler. 
The city used to provide its own services, but "there were concerns about internal management," Franklin's office explained to CNN, so it began contracting in 2004 with NovaPro. Atlanta officials this month renewed the city's agreement with NovaPro for $3.7 million over three years, saying no other company they're aware of was in position to do a better job. Russ Whitmarsh, chief operating officer of NovaPro, referred all questions about the officers' allegations to city officials. 
Manager Josep Guardiola led the club to glory in his first season in charge, ending a period of three years without a trophy. Ten people were also injured in the incident in the town of Ogbo, where the driver was subsequently arrested, a Port Harcourt Police spokesperson said. " Meanwhile, more than 100 people were arrested in Barcelona city center in the early hours of Thursday morning following the Catalan team's 2-0 victory in Rome in the final of Europe's top club competition. 
To help return personal items to its passengers, US Airways hired Global-BMS, a Texas-based company that recovers and restores items from large disasters. Everything from the Wall Street Journal of that day to my W-2 form that I didn't even realize was in this package," he says. " Watch as Leonard brings out the items recovered from the water » As he showed CNN the contents he discovered another item -- a memorable slip of paper. " 
In Romania, scouts formed a human chain around the Parliament building in the capital Bucharest to express how young people will play a role in the country's future. The movement requests its members, boys and girls from the age of six, to uphold values such as trustworthiness, loyalty and to "do their best". The Taj Mahal in India, the Eiffel Tower in Paris and the Sydney Opera House in Australia also witnessed sunrise ceremonies. 
Besides the matter of taking away potential jobs from career teachers, unions question whether these young recruits have the right credentials and experience to handle tough classrooms. " On the first day of school, most of the kids in Greer's eighth-grade class could not read at a sixth-grade level. Which is why a teachers union says those positions should go to career teachers, not inexperienced recruits who may stay only the required two years. " 
We treasure as sacred our own homes, farms and land, and we know there is often little practical difference between broad government restrictions on the use and enjoyment of that property and its being taken outright. Many Hispanics are fresh from regimes where the rule of law has been crushed or never existed; we know that with centralized power comes arrogance, and that bureaucracies inevitably become cold, callous, unyielding and corrupt. If Sotomayor is truly representative of our values, she will understand that the entrepreneurial spirit is alive and well in the Hispanic community and is our best hope for moving Hispanic households solidly into the ranks of the American middle class. 
And it's much harder to be the father of the president than to be the president," he said in a reference to his dad, former President George H.W. Bush. " Frankly, I am not so sure that if we hadn't married, she'd have voted for me," he joked of his wife, who was raised in a Democratic family. Bush said he wasn't surprised to lose public support for some of the main elements of his national security agenda. " 
We were very fortunate to have come across these people in the state they were in," said the ship's chaplain, Lt. The corridor between Mogadishu and the town of Afgooye is already home to 400,000 displaced Somalis, some of them living in huts made of twigs and branches. This week, Somalia's transitional president, Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed, asked the international community "to help Somalia defend against foreign militants who have invaded the country." 
As the first splinters of sunlight spread their warmth on the south bank of the River Thames on Thursday, it became clear that after more than a century, the vision of Victorian engineer Alexander Stanhope St. George had finally been realized. So about two years ago, he pitched the idea to Artichoke, the British arts group responsible for taking the Sultan's Elephant -- a 42-ton mechanical creature -- for a stroll through central London in 2006. The accidental hope captured their imagination, and lots of people at the end of the 19th century thought it was a great idea." 
For Jaruzelski, though, the fall of communism was not the product of Solidarity alone or a single summer of upheaval but "a great river made up of numerous streams." " But Jaruzelski still believes that without his decision to impose martial law in 1981, Poland's revolt against Soviet domination would have been as ruthlessly and violently quashed by Moscow as had those in Hungary in 1956 and Czechoslovakia in 1968. " Even his arrest and imprisonment only deepened Walesa's belief that Jaruzelski's government could be toppled: "My friends advised me to run away but I made a different decision. 
This has been my dream for so long; I've always wanted to win the bee," Kavya Shivashankar, 13, of Olathe, Kansas, told CNN. " Kavya attends California Trail Junior High School in the Kansas City suburb. CNN's Devon Sayers contributed to this report. 
Though the man isn't wearing legwarmers, Gallagher is apparently talking about the man's ankle-high shoes and thick black socks. The picture shows a man dressed in a dark T-shirt and long shorts sitting at an outdoor table. The service blurs people's faces so it is hard to confirm whether it is Gallagher. 
An American human rights group documenting widespread sexual violence against Darfuri women in Sudan and Chad has called for "vigorous prosecution of rape as a war crime." There's no one to stop the rapes, no one to turn to for justice for past or ongoing crimes, and little psycho-social support to address their prolonged and unimaginable traumas." Among the instances of rape reported in Chad, the vast majority (10 of 11 confirmed reports) occurred when women left the camps to gather firewood." 
Dementieva will next play Australian 30th seed Samantha Stosur, who won her second-round match in straight sets against Belgium's Yanina Wickmayer. The American saved a match point at 5-4 down in the third set before managing to hold, break her opponent and then serve out to love for a 6-7 (5-7) 6-2 7-5 success. The 2007 Wimbledon finalist lost 6-3 7-5 to Tathiana Garbin of Italy, who will next take on unseeded Virginie Razzano of France. 
Essence.com spoke to Phillip Jackson, a well-known political activist in the city and also founder of Black Star Project, a Chicago-based community outreach group, about what is being done to end the senseless shootings involving children. Within the current academic year, 36 Chicago-area students were killed. And that's why we're asking President Obama to bring his resources. 
Eyeworks' British division will produce the show, the Eyeworks executive said. " Though he said the show has not been named, Suleman has sought to trademark her media nickname -- Octomom -- for a TV show and a line of diapers. It really depends on what the networks want," Czech was quoted as saying. 
We don't know if they were a corporate target or somebody had a problem [with] what was going on on that corner, in general ... we're not ruling anything out." The Memorial Day explosion damaged the shop, but no one was injured and no motive has been identified for the bombing. " Kelly said the witness saw the two approach the Starbucks, then looked away. 
Almost 35,000 Americans are estimated to have died from pancreatic cancer in 2008, making it the fourth leading cause of cancer death overall, according to the American Cancer Society. Ginsburg, Souter and Justice John Paul Stevens frequently have been mentioned as likely to step down in the next few years. Ginsburg's post-op recovery has gone well, and doctors and the family are cautiously optimistic, court sources said. 
Nor did the CDC's count include two more deaths reported by the New York City Department of Health and Hygiene. The latest victim, from suburban Chicago, died within the past couple of days and had "significant underlying medical conditions," said spokeswoman Kelly Jakubek. Citing family privacy, she would not reveal the victims' ages or genders. 
In "Up," the story revolves around the main character, 78-year-old Carl Fredricksen, who, frustrated with his mundane life, ties the thousands of balloons to his house and sets off for adventures in South America. You have a movie that's about a house that flies, which is a pretty far-fetched idea," said Steve May, the supervising technical director on "Up." " Pixar fans may remember the scenes in "Cars" of a stadium full of 300,000 car "fans" cheering on a high-speed race below, each of which was independently animated. 
Cutter is one of 40,000 western Washington state residents in at least 19 communities whom authorities asked to leave their homes Thursday amid heavy flooding along the region's rivers and streams. River waters spread over highways and farms, towns and parks in Washington on Thursday, shutting down traffic on a 20-mile stretch of heavily traveled Interstate 5 between Seattle and Oregon and threatening the federal roadway north of Seattle. Flooding south of Seattle near Chehalis covered parts of I-5 with 30 inches of water, prompting its closure until at least Monday, state transportation officials said. 
The group collected £100,000 ($162,000) for winning the final and will perform in front of Queen Elizabeth II at the Royal Variety Show later this year. " Watch the dramatic end to Susan Boyle's dream » But "the cheers were caught in the collective gullet ... as dance troupe Diversity gatecrashed this most expectant of parties," the Sunday Herald reported. " They don't care in America whether she wins a British TV show -- they care about the woman they saw singing on YouTube," a Cowell insider also told the paper. " 
Critics say the patrols use racial profiling to unfairly target Hispanic drivers and pedestrians, while Arpaio says they have resulted in the deportation of hundreds of illegal immigrants, including some with criminal records. " The show, which premiers this weekend on Fox Reality Channel, features Arpaio and other officers using elaborate ploys crafted by comedy writers and carried out by professional actors to arrest suspects with outstanding warrants. The letter came after Arpaio, who had already been the target of hundreds of lawsuits, launched a series of what he calls crime-suppression patrols in largely Latino neighborhoods. 
Two summers ago, I asked myself: Wouldn't it suck if my first love met someone unexpectedly and got over me before I could begin to move on? The most recent ones occurred this summer, when I tried and failed to win the heart of my friend Ken -- he started dating the person that he truly liked instead of settling for me. A month later, he must've been pleasantly shocked to discover my unfortunate power reached across the Atlantic Ocean. 
Buckles was warmly greeted with standing applause by those in uniform and others who had gathered for the commemoration, but he said he did not think the fuss was about him. " Watch interview with Frank Buckles » According to an autobiography released this year by the Pentagon, Buckles was eager to join the war. Although only 16 in the summer of 1917, he lied about his age to get into the armed services. 
For a bit of local flavor on the go, street vendors serve up kimchi pancakes, octopus and other Korean snacks, while mobile restaurants appear on some of the street corners around Myeong-dong and Insadong when night falls. Here you're more likely to see U.S. military police in a club or bar than a local, which is another reminder that the other world that is North Korea is only 30 miles away. Crossing downtown Seoul is the Cheonggye stream -- a river that was covered by a road until it was unearthed in 2005 and transformed into one of the city center's most popular urban oases and worth a stroll in the evening. 
The eruptions are the latest in a series that began March 22. Some of the ash fell around Anchorage, resulting in the airport to close, the Federal Aviation Administration said. The eruptions are the latest in a series that began Sunday. 
Two of the men -- Shukri Abu Baker, 50, of Garland, Texas, and Ghassan Elashi, 55, of Richardson, Texas -- were also convicted on tax fraud charges. Five leaders of the now-defunct Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development were convicted in November by a federal jury for providing money and resources to the Palestinian group Hamas, designated by the United States as a terrorist organization. Wednesday's sentencing, said Kris, culminated "many years of painstaking investigative and prosecutorial work at the federal, state and local levels." 
The situation in Gonaives is catastrophic," Daniel Rouzier, Haiti chairman of Food for the Poor, wrote in an e-mail, according to the AP. " Ike is predicted to sweep more than 100 miles north of Hispaniola -- the island shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic. " Haiti, the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere, has endured three storms -- Hanna, Gustav and Fay -- over the past month. 
Lawyers for the detained illegal immigrants say their clients simply used numbers picked "out of thin air" that happened to belong to another person. Federal law states that for aggravated identity theft to occur, it must be proved that a person "knowingly transfers, possesses, or uses, without lawful authority, a means of identification of another person." The court did not act on a similar appeal from a Mexican national who was arrested during a raid on a meat processing plant in Iowa, the largest criminal workplace enforcement operation in U.S. history. 
The first words of each line in the eight-line poem, "February the Fourteenth" spelled out the message: "Senior General Than Shwe is crazy with power." Until then, demonstrations led by the monks -- who are highly respected in the predominantly Buddhist country -- had gone largely unchallenged by the military, which has ruled the country since the 1960s. The verdicts were announced Monday and Tuesday, the court official said. 
But he had been very ill, and it was a kind of closing of the circle, and it was a wonderful experience. Bernstein: First of all, I was aware that he was 95 years old and in the last stages of his life. But his knowledge gave us a grounding and assurance that we were right in what we were saying and reporting. [ 
Mr. Busskohl told Mr. Eischens that he would then either cut off the eyelids of the victim or cut out his heart." Washington County attorney Doug Johnson said the two felony counts Busskohl faces are the only ones he could pursue under state law. Now I'm not saying I'm happy with that [law]," Johnson said. " 
He noted that the board in a previous case had granted asylum in to one woman whose "vaginal opening was sewn shut approximately five times after being opened to allow for sexual intercourse and child birth." Calling the rationale "flawed," Mukasey sent the case back to the Board of Immigration Appeals with orders to reconsider. The immigration courts decide about 40,000 cases a year, and an attorney general has issued an opinion on a case only three times in the past three years. 
Ozone is a protective atmospheric layer found at an altitude of about 25 kilometers (15.5 miles). Those gases originate from man-made products like chlorofluorocarbons, or CFCs, which were phased out under a global agreement two decades ago but continue to linger in the atmosphere. Some chemical processes produce ozone-depleting gases. 
Edwards took out his gun -- a Smith and Wesson 9 mm -- and chased the alleged thief, 43-year-old Miguel Santiago, said NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne. Rest assured we will find out exactly what happened here, see what we can learn from it so it may never happen again. Emergency crews responding to the scene found Edwards wearing a police academy T-shirt under his clothes and found his police shield and ID in his front left pants pocket, according to Browne. 
The bodies are disposed of in secret cemeteries in the metropolitan Rio de Janeiro area or incinerated alive by narcotraffickers in what they call 'microwaves.' " To illustrate the point, demonstrators also constructed facsimiles of the "microwaves" that narcotics traffickers and death squads reportedly use to cremate remains of those they have abducted. Rio de Paz said the coconuts represent victims of violence, homicides, dead police officers and those who have been shot in gunfights between authorities and gangs of narcotics traffickers. 
Police found a pair of men's size 8 Reebok sneakers, size 10 capri pants, and a black sweater in the woods along I-85 in Franklin County, 90 miles from Adams' home in Atlanta. Leslie Marva Adams is an African-American female who stands 5 feet 5 inches, weighs 130 pounds, and has breast implants. It's my aunt's birthday, the day my mom didn't show up and we never saw her again, so it's hard not to break down." 
The Tribune spoke with Steve Diamond, a retired naval aviator, who found the pilot in a tree behind a house and helped the man who Diamond said was a lieutenant in his 20s, down from the tree. See map showing crash site, airfield » "It was, oh gosh, maybe a couple of hundred feet off the ground. The pilot told him that after he lost power in the first engine, and that it was decided he would try to get the jet to Miramar on the single working engine, Diamond told the paper. 
Danny Hauser started a second round of chemotherapy treatment this week, Jim Navarro said in a statement on the family's Web site, dannyhauser.com. " But last week, before the court could act, Colleen Hauser packed up her son and flew with him to Southern California, from where they were planning to continue to Mexico to seek alternative alternative medical treatment. After examining the boy on Monday, Dr. Michael Richards estimated the tumor's size at 5.3 inches by 5.1 inches by 6.3 inches, and said it was "protruding outside the chest wall." 
It must have worked; six months after that meeting she moved to Long Island, New York, to live with him, and in January 2004 he proposed on a trip to St. Barts. " And on a South African safari two years later, Woods proposed to Nordegren during a sunset stroll around the Shamwari Game Reserve. St. Barts On their first date, Billy Joel took Katie Lee out to dinner, but on that November 2002 evening she got much more than a scene from an Italian restaurant. " 
Meanwhile, the average price of gasoline in the U.S. rose nearly 10 cents in the past two weeks to almost $4.10 a gallon for self-serve regular, according to a national survey released Sunday. Since 2003, he said, global demand for oil has increased because of industry in China, India and the Middle East. The Saudi petroleum minister, Ali I. Al-Naimi, said the country will reach the 9.7 million level by July. 
-- The Pakistani military says security forces have taken back the city of Mingora from the Taliban, calling it a significant victory in its offensive against the Taliban. Abbas told CNN pockets of militants remain just outside Mingora. Pakistani authorities increased security throughout Islamabad on Friday after a string of deadly bombings in Lahore and Peshawar, and a threat by the Taliban to carry out further attacks. 
Getting there Sylt is reached by train from Berlin (5 hours) or Hamburg (3 1/2 hours). By car, take the autobahn to Niebüll from Berlin (290 miles) or Hamburg (120 miles). Don't miss Travel + Leisure's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts. 
Investigators are talking to anyone who may have had contact with the money or knowledge about what happened to it, the source said, including military personnel on the warship, Navy SEALs who rescued Capt. The NCIS and the Maersk Line Ltd., which owns the Maersk Alabama, have not responded to CNN's request for comment. Richard Phillips, and the crew of the Maersk Alabama. 
Since his death, Nancy Reagan has remained involved with the national Alzheimer's Association and its affiliate, the Ronald and Nancy Reagan Research Institute in Chicago, Illinois. However, she has appeared in public only rarely in recent years. Doctors expect a full recovery, prescribing a regimen of daily physical therapy and a reduced public schedule, Drake said in a written release. 
Though he said the show has not been named, Suleman has sought to trademark her media nickname -- Octomom -- for a TV show and a line of diapers. Jeffrey Czech also confirmed details of a "less-intrusive" reality show about Suleman and her 14 kids, although no U.S. network has been signed to carry it. Suleman will handle the camera for much of the taping of her TV show, reducing the intrusion into her children's lives by television crews, Czech said. 
He also seemed to acknowledge the difficulties ahead, saying, "We don't have the right to make mistakes." The new president will find "a country that still retains a lot of bitterness, a lot of division," Peter Hakim, president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue policy institute, said before the election. " Funes campaigned on a platform of fiscal reform that aims to increase the government's tax take incrementally, Berkman said. 
CDC spokesman Curtis Allen says the vaccine is constantly being monitored by a joint CDC /FDA hotline. So every day, I tiptoe through hormonally laced minefields hoping to avoid emotional carnage in response to any of my random comments or actions. No adult woman in her right mind would knowingly, willingly utter comments that result in young people hissing, hurling verbal grenades such as, "Thanks, Mom, for calling me fat, AGAIN." 
The flight data recorder has been recovered and will be analyzed by the International Aviation Commission, Russian Transport Minister Igor Levitin said. Aeroflot said the one that crashed in Perm was manufactured in 1992 and was operated by its Aeroflot-Nord subsidiary. " An Iran-bound Boeing 737 with 90 people on board crashed on August 24 just outside the airport in Kyrgyzstan's capital, Bishkek, killing 68. 
On December 12, inmates took two workers hostage and set fire to the recreation area at the center in Pecos, located about 430 miles west of Dallas. Officials said they do not know what prompted the riots. CNN's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report. 
In October 2006, a Turkish man hijacked a Turkish jetliner with 113 people aboard en route from the Albanian capital Tirana for Istanbul. CNN's Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow and Nicky Robertson in Atlanta contributed to this report Interfax said the flight was carrying 164 Russian nationals. 
He also seemed to acknowledge the difficulties ahead, saying, "We don't have the right to make mistakes." The new president will find "a country that still retains a lot of bitterness, a lot of division," Peter Hakim, president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue policy institute, said before the election. " Funes campaigned on a platform of fiscal reform that aims to increase the government's tax take incrementally, Berkman said. 
The United States softened its demand that North Korea publicly admit to having a highly enriched uranium program and to providing Syria with nuclear technology, key unanswered questions that have left negotiations stalled for months. Speaking at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative Washington think tank, Rice said that "North Korea will soon give its declaration of nuclear programs to China." North Korea has been taking Yongbyon's main reactor apart, but imploding the cooling tower is an exceptionally important psychological step given that the highly recognizable shape of the structure is synonymous with nuclear power plants. 
Guterres said the tragedy shows the urgent measures people take "to escape conflict, persecution and poverty in search of a better life." In the latest incident, more than 200 African migrants are believed to have died after their vessel, carrying 250 people, capsized in rough waters. Ron Redmond, the UNHCR spokesman, said he believes such movement will persist as the "economic situation continues to worsen worldwide." 
As a dog owner, I can testify that "Marley & Me," based on the real John Grogan's smash 2005 memoir, is the single most endearing and authentic movie about the human-canine connection in decades. Using his scratchy, lackadaisical warmth to voice a testament to family, and to where dogs fit into it, he makes you feel like it's a wonderful life indeed. As directed by David Frankel ("The Devil Wears Prada"), though, it's also something more: a disarmingly enjoyable, wholehearted comic vision of the happy messiness of family life. 
Trump recently hosted a party at his Palm Beach, Florida, estate, Mar-a-Lago, that was attended by several people who say they were victims of an alleged $50 billion Ponzi scheme run by Madoff. I think even that's a swindle: The father said, "Look, you guys turn me in and pretend you don't know anything and I'll save my two sons." Trump, chairman and president of the Trump Organization, a New York-based real estate development empire, spoke with Kiran Chetry on CNN's "American Morning." 
I've passed up many good deals, and have abstained from buying a lot of consumer goods I've wanted over the past year, just to avoid buying foreign-made products." But I'm not even sure what it means to 'Buy American' anymore," says Reibel. " And the handful of Detroit-area residents/natives we talked to about the "Buy American" debate had no complaints about the quality of their American-made cars - or their foreign-made ones, for that matter. 
The Palestinian entered Israel through the Erez Crossing between northern Gaza and Israel. United Nations assistance programs in Gaza have run out of flour and several essential pharmaceuticals, the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said. Under the Egyptian-brokered deal, Hamas agreed to end militant attacks on Israel from Gaza, and Israel agreed to halt raids inside the territory and ease its blockade on humanitarian goods. 
From the runway to the store rack, Vivienne Tam is one designer who uses creativity and business acumen in equal measure. Today it's her skills in business which have expanded the label to some 30 stores worldwide, from New York to Beijing. Stevens: When you won the Hong Kong businesswoman of the year award, you said that your mother was one of your greatest inspirations. 
Lawhorn, an 11-year veteran, was shot in the leg, and Broady, a 4-year veteran, was shot in the upper body, Thompson said. Lawhorn and Broady were able to reach their patrol cars and call for help after the shooting. The two were apparently ambushed when they arrived, Indiana State Police told the Louisville Courier-Journal. 
I've had hours cut back at work, I'm not making what I used to make." " He bought it off a small used car lot and took out a $27,000 loan from a credit union. " Pirrone said he was able to get a 30-day payment exemption, but was told that he had a signed agreement with the bank, and he was still obligated to pay the loan in full. " 
We're in the final days of a White House that pushed the limits of the Constitution and never appeared eager to share information with the American people. No, Felt's willingness to keep Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward pointed in the right direction as Woodward and Carl Bernstein flushed out the greatest political scandal in American history had its roots in the integrity that no one else would show back then. The man we all came to know as "Deep Throat" died Thursday at his California home after a life in the shadows. 
Armchair observers like van Arkel increasingly are making significant contributions to science, said Steve Maran, spokesman for the American Astronomical Society, a group of 6,500 professionals. Hanny van Arkel was poring over photos of galaxies on the Internet in August 2007 when she stumbled across a strange object in the night sky: a bright, gaseous mass with a gaping hole in its middle. Quasars are distant, highly luminous astronomical objects powered by black holes; scientists suspect that light from the quasar still illuminates the Voorwerp even though the quasar itself burned out in the past 100,000 years. " 
-- The Environmental Protection Agency has found high levels of arsenic and heavy metals in two rivers in central Tennessee that are near the site of a spill that unleashed more than a billion gallons of coal waste. This is not a time where TVA holds its head high," said Tom Kilgore, president and CEO of the Tennessee Valley Authority. " Rose said the county has also requested air quality tests from the state and federal agencies. 
In 1983, two members of the Neo American Church drowned in what authorities believe was an attempt to break Feigley out of prison. He was captured two years later in West Virginia but escaped again from a local jail and was recaptured by the FBI. Children were beaten for letting anyone but fellow cult members see them, she said, and their genitals were pierced with a lock to be controlled by Feigley, who called himself "The Light of the World." 
Some say the deciding factor was when Koch described life in upstate New York as "sterile" and said he dreaded living in the "small town" of Albany, if elected. It used to be that our schools didn't make excuses for why some kids don't learn because they were too busy trying to teach them. People talked about how she was "a real person" who "reflected their values." 
Though Democrats agreed to leave the state off their itineraries in a show of solidarity with the national party, Clinton attended permitted fund-raisers in Florida on Sunday and planned to appear with supporters there after polls closed. Donna Brazile, who managed former Vice President Al Gore's presidential bid, said many Democrats were likely to turn out to vote on a state constitutional amendment that would limit property tax increases and expand homestead exemptions. " Obama described the primary as a "beauty contest" Tuesday, and his campaign issued a statement declaring the race a tie in the delegate count: "Zero for Obama, zero for Clinton." 
Sometime later, Josef F. brought Elisabeth F. out of the cellar, telling his wife that she had returned home with her two children after a 24-year absence, police said. The other three children -- Kerstin, 19; Stefan, 18; and Felix, 5 -- remained locked in the basement with their mother, according to police. She told police she gave birth to twins in 1996, but one of the babies died a few days later as a result of neglect, and Josef F. removed the infant's body and burned it. 
The sheriff's office says it's unlikely that they will face charges. The boy normally goes to school about 8:30 a.m. "A few years ago, they moved, and [the gun] was stored in the closet. Newman told detectives that she received the gun six years ago from a former employer. 
Earlier Sunday, Sri Lanka's navy said it had destroyed a Tamil Tiger rebel boat allegedly attempting to smuggle in military supplies through the northern coast. The rebels, formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), are fighting for the creation of an independent nation, citing discrimination by the country's Sinhalese majority. The suicide bomber walked into an area where CDF officers were stationed and detonated his explosives, police said. 
Last year's top SlideShare presentation, called "Thirst," highlights the looming water crisis and has nearly 200,000 views. Its site had more than 15 million visitors last month, and its 2008 contest for the best presentations showed off the form's potential. Some university students love the technology because they can record and play back what their professor was saying at an exact point in their notes -- which is especially useful when you can't read your own writing. 
In many of these places, despite the promise that they would be protected by the local civil and military authorities, the refugees were attacked, abducted and massacred, often on the orders or with the complicity of those same authorities." Theoneste Bagosora, 67, a colonel in the Rwandan army, was found guilty along with two other men -- Major Aloys Ntabakuze and Lieutenant Colonel Anatole Nsengiyumva. It is the first time the tribunal has convicted high-level officials for the 100-day genocide in 1994 which left an estimated 800,000 people dead. 
My wife's tickets are still wrong and I'm afraid we may have a problem with our connecting airline or with customs. Q: I recently bought tickets to Italy by calling Expedia. Incidentally, the "notation" in her reservation would have almost certainly been visible to any connecting airline. 
The e-mails would ask the recipient for personal information, such as a bank account numbers, claiming the FBI wanted the information to look into an impending financial transaction. Other scams include confidence frauds such as Ponzi schemes, check fraud, the Nigerian letter fraud and identity fraud. Henry said the figures show the need for computer users, in businesses and in homes, to be wary and use sound security practices while using the Internet. 
He recalled that his tormentors, including one known as "the whipper," would turn on a large industrial fan to muffle the screams of the boys who were beaten with long leather straps, reinforced with metal. Finding records and witnesses from nearly half a century ago will be difficult if not impossible. Watch Middleton kneel by the crosses » On the orders of Gov. Charlie Crist, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement last week opened an investigation to determine if anyone is buried here, whether crimes were committed, and if so, who was responsible. 
The 73-year-old Tibetan leader was hospitalized in Mumbai in August for abdominal discomfort. The Dalai Lama, who lives in exile in the north Indian hill town of Dharamsala, will travel to the Indian capital on Monday. The Dalai Lama with French first lady Carla Bruni-Sarkozy on a recent visit to France. 
One of Zimbabwe's leading banks, Kingdom Bank, said the country's inflation rate was more than 20 million percent. In August, the country's Central Statistical Office said inflation was at 11.2 million percent, the highest in the world. Tsvangirai had said he would sign a deal only if Mugabe gave up some power and his presidency became a ceremonial position. 
Among the latest, on September 5, six F-15s from Elmendorf Air Force Base, adjacent to Anchorage, Alaska, intercepted six Russian bombers about 50 miles from the northwest coast of Alaska. U.S. defense officials said four F/A-18A fighter jets from the Nimitz were in the air. Two others were at least 100 miles away, the military reported. 
The Constitution makes the president the commander in chief of the armed forces, but gives Congress the power to declare war and approve military budgets. James Baker, left, and Warren Christopher led a panel that recommended a new War Powers Act. He declined to reveal what they thought of the proposal, but said: "We haven't gotten a negative reaction." 
Representatives from the company have not returned repeated calls from CNN. The recent outbreak has led to one of the largest food recalls in U.S. history, encompassing more than 1,000 products. The Peanut Corporation of America plant in Blakely, Georgia, was sealed off by federal authorities Monday morning, WALB reported. 
This is essentially the reincarnation of the same storm that brought the heavy snow to parts of California, southern Nevada and northern Arizona," Steve Corfidi, lead forecaster with the weather service's Storm Prediction Center in Norman, Oklahoma, told CNNRadio. Further west, several inches of snow are possible in the greater Seattle-Tacoma-Everett metro area Saturday afternoon. Flights at most airports in the Midwest and Northeast were up and running after experiencing delays as long as three hours throughout the day. 
The difference in performance is far greater on our Cinebench test that taxes multiple CPUs; the m8120m enjoyed a huge 69 percent advantage over the Velocity Micro and a 75 percent lead over the Gateway. A quick scan of our quad-core reviews confirmed our suspicion: this is by far the cheapest quad-core PC we've reviewed. While Dell's original XPS 710 cost nearly five times more than the m8210n when we reviewed it in November 2006, it's used here by comparison to show what the scores of an overclocked, high-end, quad-core gaming PC look like. 
Among the things to go was 30 percent to 40 percent of Poway schools' materials spending -- including copying. Farber and Phillips said they don't know of any Poway teachers wanting to replicate the ad idea, but they said educators there have long spent out-of-pocket for supplies. One person said, 'Too bad you're not a bank, because you might qualify for $700 billion,' " he said. " 
With fewer than four months until the November election, McCain said he's confident he can convince young voters that he is the candidate for them. " At a town hall meeting in Ohio this month, a student told McCain that Republicans were a dying breed on his campus. " McCain has said he recognizes that he needs to get out to those venues "where young people are engaged and receiving their information and forming their opinions." " 
For example, the office bundle may be $1.00 [68 pence] per hour, the gaming bundle may be $1.25 per hour and the browsing bundle may be $0.80 per hour. The office bundle may include word-processing and spreadsheet applications, medium graphics performance and two of three processor cores," the document reads. " The company argues in its application, however, that "the payments can be deferred and the user can extend the useful life of the computer beyond that of the one-time purchase machine." 
He said Lucano had maintained occasional contact with Pardo's mother over the years but she was unaware that Pardo had remarried and never anticipated the violent path that ended his life and left nine other people dead. " Pardo also neglected to contribute to Matthew's medical costs, which surged up to $340,000 within the first year, Alvirez said. " When Lucano returned a short time later, she found Pardo frantically holding the unconscious toddler, Alvirez said. " 
At the same time, however, fossil collecting, particularly of common invertebrate fossils, has been a pastime enjoyed by many for decades, and is an important way of connecting people with their natural heritage." The self-taught dinosaur expert, who is director of vertebrate paleontology at the Judith River Dinosaur Institute, could face jail time. An omnibus public lands bill, which the U.S. Senate passed Thursday, includes penalties for fossil theft from public land. 
If parliament does not approve the amendment, Mugabe may call for new elections, Zimbabwe Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa told state-run daily newspaper The Herald. " Constitutional Amendment 19 details the posts and institutions that were created by the power-sharing deal, including the position of prime minister intended for Morgan Tsvangirai, leader of the Movement for Democratic Change. The gazetting of Amendment 19 of the Zimbabwean Constitution is indeed a major step towards the formation of an inclusive government in Zimbabwe," he said in a written statement. " 
And with Indian film it is an even greater challenge, because we need to be like Michael Jackson, John Williams, Hans Zimmer and an Indian folk composer all put together. I suddenly wake up in Scotland doing music for 'Golden Age,' and suddenly wake up doing an Indian superstar film, but I think after all these years I am probably getting a balance." Rahman explained to CNN what he thinks makes great movie music. " 
Their savings for the holiday of a lifetime are eaten up by this rainy day, that domestic disaster, until there's no more lifetime left -- not for Ellie, anyway. But instead of looking around him, Carl is focused on landing that prize home of his in the prime location he mistakes for his ultimate destination (the lost world of Paradise Falls). Funny and poignant and full of life, "Up" easily qualifies as one of the best movies of the year so far. 
By the time you hit the sexual revolution and passion becomes of primary importance on these covers, then that lover's embrace in many ways signals the happy ending right there on the front of the book." It's always great to feel like you're the girl in the book and the handsome guy is coming to rescue you," said Liz Lenz, 25, who has been reading Harlequin novels since she was a teen. " I get letters from 13-year-old girls and women who are in their 90s, and that's one of my goals as a writer: to write books that are relevant to my readers." 
As for a more serious charge such as first-degree murder to which a statute of limitations would not apply, prosecutors said they don't have any evidence of premeditation or that the death was caused by a criminal act. He said the brothers' statements "were taken out of context, and they were posed as hypotheticals to drum up potential memories of the event." " Cusanelli said that "all he remembers is, he turned around and saw that Jeff had fallen and was on the ground, and his head was split open, and there was a lot of blood," according to the document. " 
The Sequel infringes Salinger's copyright rights in both his novel and the character Holden Caulfield, who is the narrator and essence of that novel," said the suit, filed Monday in U.S. District Court in New York. The book is already available in Europe and the United Kingdom, and is scheduled to be released in the United States in September. Published in 1951, "The Catcher in the Rye" is an iconic take on teen alienation that is consistently listed among the greatest English-language novels ever written. 
Some experts have said that a lightning strike was a possibility, particularly since the plane disappeared in a storm-prone area along the equator known as the Intertropical Convergence zone (ITCZ). Unlike other aircraft where the pilot's controls are manually attached to the flaps and rudders, Airbus 330 airliners are equipped with a "fly by wire" system that sends electronic signals from an onboard computer to move key control surfaces. The jet, which was flying at 35,000 feet and at 521 mph, also sent a warning that it had lost pressure, the Brazilian air force said. 
Ending on this "what happens now" cliffhanger would leave a gaping hole in the franchise's history. In this new future, he'll be fighting alongside his father, his uncle and a girl who looks just like the robot he came into the future to save. The weekly adventures of Sarah and John Connor just aren't done. 
Kaka is currently in Brazil with the national team ahead of a World Cup qualifier against Uruguay and earlier in the day had appeared to rule out a move from Italy's Serie A. "I'll say it for the last time. Last January, Kaka rejected a move to Premier League Manchester City who were prepared to pay the 2007 world player of the year $750,000 per week. Former team-mate Paolo Maldini, who retired at the end of the season, admitted he still had doubts about Kaka's future at the San Siro. " 
He takes over at Chelsea as the permanent replacement for Luiz Felipe Scolari, although Guus Hiddink has been in charge since Scolari was sacked from Stamford Bridge in February. Ancelotti, who turns 50 next week, has been in management since 1995, when he took charge of Italian Serie B club Reggiana. He played in the 1986 and 1990 World Cups alongside players such as Roberto Mancini and the recently-retired Paolo Maldini. 
The hour hand, which weighs 300 kilograms (661 pounds), is made of gun metal while the minute hands are made of copper sheet. Big Ben is the 14-ton bell inside the world's largest four-faced chiming clock, although most people use the name to describe the tower that houses it. Some say it was named after the 1850s heavyweight boxer Ben Caunt while others suggest it was named after Sir Benjamin Hall, a former member of parliament. 
Watch the challenges Obama faces with the speech » At a town hall in Turkey earlier this year, the president declared that "the United States is not, and will never be, at war with Islam." The CNN/Opinion Research poll was conducted May 14-17, with 1,010 adult Americans questioned by telephone. The poll's release comes hours before the president flies to Saudi Arabia for meetings with King Abdullah. 
Those ships are the USS Shiloh, a guided-missile cruiser and the USS Fitzgerald, another guided-missile destroyer, the officials said. All four U.S. ships are working with Japanese naval ships in the same region that are also equipped with Aegis radar. A satellite image shows a rocket sitting on its launch pad in northeast North Korea. " 
I'm looking forward to leading Scotland A into the IRB Nations Cup in Romania next week and thereafter preparing for our Autumn Tests at Murrayfield against Fiji, Australia and Argentina." Hadden resigned on April 2 after Scotland again struggled in the Six Nations, finishing second from bottom with just one win from five outings. Former Scotland captain and British and Irish Lion Gordon Bulloch was part of the interview panel that determined the appointment. " 
The structural engineer and designer had completed a business trip to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and was flying to Paris, France, on his way back to their home in Whitby, North Yorkshire, near England's northeast coast. Anne and Mike were indeed a beautiful couple inside and out, and I miss them terribly already," said Anne Harris' sister, Mary Miley. Michael Harris was a geologist in Rio de Janeiro for Devon Energy, a U.S.-based natural gas and oil producer, according to a company spokesman. 
Norman Gonzales brought his 13-year-old son, Alex. " This year's prom, dubbed "The Cinderella Ball," was held Saturday night at the Willard InterContinental Hotel in Washington. Their social life is very limited at school and outside school as well, so something like this is very good because they come to a place where they find themselves with people that they can relate to," Gonzales said. 
One of the fields was 5 km (3 miles) long and that both lie near the flight path between Rio de Janeiro and Paris. See map of suspected crash zone » Brazilian air force planes spotted the debris field Tuesday morning, but it was not until a French commercial vessel arrived on the scene that the debris' origin was confirmed. An inter-religious ceremony is to be held Wednesday afternoon inside Paris' Notre Dame Cathedral for family and friends of the victims. 
Police say on June 25, Yamamoto instructed the wrestlers to beat the boy using sticks and a metal bat. He told reporters shortly after Saito's death, "This was an ordinary practice. Yamamoto publicly denied striking Saito inappropriately, though he did admit to striking him on the head with a beer bottle during dinner that day. 
Police said they have not accounted for three people: Pardo's ex-mother-in-law, ex-father-in-law and ex-wife -- whom he recently divorced. Police believe that after Pardo set fire to the home, he changed into his regular clothing, went to another relative's home in the nearby Sylmar area and committed suicide. Some ran, some took cover under furniture, some broke windows in an effort to escape -- one woman jumped from the second-story of the home, police said. 
A book such as "1,000 Recordings," he says, can help people see past their particular favorite artists or genres and tap into the whole world of recorded music. " Tom Moon, author of "1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die" (Workman), knew what a daunting task he had been assigned. " Watch Moon defend the inclusion of Britney Spears' "Toxic" » Moon isn't the only one marking time by making lists this season. 
Private investigators Ollie Gray and John San Augustin, working as consultants on the case, said the burns are consistent with marks made with a "stun gun." The investigators' working theory was that JonBenet's mother may have struck her in anger as punishment for bed-wetting, causing the little girl's death on Christmas night. When police arrived, they suggested that John Ramsey and a family friend, Fleet White, search the house. 
From Laluna, a round-trip taxi to Fish Fridays in Gouyave costs roughly $100. Founded by a former fashion consultant from Italy, Laluna is chic, but not pretentious -- a stylish retreat on one of the Caribbean's quietest islands. Guided hikes from Henry's Safari Tours cost $40 to $55 per person. 
Covina Police Chief Kim Raney said Pardo's former in-laws regularly have a party Christmas Eve and that one neighbor always arrives dressed as Santa. During a search of Pardo's home in Montrose, California, police found five empty boxes for semiautomatic handguns, two high-powered shotguns and a container of "racing fuel." Winter said the bodies were "severely burned and charred," and dental and medical records and X-rays will be used to establish identities. 
I was very pleased so far ... but I didn't feel we'd completely succeeded with Brad, so we wandered into a store called Gran Bwa that featured items of a West Indian nature. " Oprah.com: The secrets of thrifty shoppers We found a gift that, with just a little bit of creative doctoring, might do the trick: an XXX-large T-shirt featuring the late hip-hop artist Tupac Shakur. " Deciding I needed a psychic obstacle course that would train me to emerge victorious in this upcoming battle, I arrived at a strategy: I would theoretically buy gifts for people who were absolutely impossible to shop for. 
But those solutions depend upon the availability of water in the area, and fresh water supplies worldwide are feeling the squeeze from population growth, pollution and climate change. Lack of clean water, coupled with poor sanitation practices, can lead to outbreaks of water-borne diseases, such as cholera and dysentery, which in turn, can cause life-threatening forms of diarrhea. Rick Howard, the CEO of the company, says it was at a U.N. conference on water in New York last summer that he realized just how revolutionary Element Four's technology might be. " 
Why not, some say, raise the stakes and require men and women between 18 and 42 to serve a couple of years in the military to earn something even more precious: U.S. citizenship for themselves and their children? I told him that I hadn't made up my mind, but that the concept did fit with my view that any conferring of legal status be laden with onerous conditions so that it really is earned. But for those who believe that illegal immigrants are inherently violent, do they really want to give these folks military training and a M-16, to help them graduate from menacing to lethal? 
Gonzalez beat Victor Hanescu of Romania 6-2 6-4 6-2 in their fourth round match. It's not a tragedy, losing here in Paris," he told the official tournament Web site www.rolandgarros.com "It had to happen one day, and this is an excellent season for me. " Soderling took advantage of a strong serve and big forehands to give Nadal a torrid time in front of a stunned crowd on the Philippe Chatrier court. 
The coalition and NATO have been seeking a way to effectively battle militants launching attacks from Pakistan's swath of tribal areas along the border. And the people of Pakistan expect that the Armed Forces of Pakistan would rise to defend the sovereignty of the country and give a befitting reply to all such attacks." They have become frustrated with Pakistan over the years, saying it is not being proactive enough against militants, a claim denied by Pakistan -- now in political flux after the resignation of President Pervez Musharraf. 
The National Organization for Women, which supports abortion rights, called Tiller's killing an act of "domestic terrorism." No charges had been filed Sunday evening and no motive for the killing was immediately known, but Wichita police Detective Tom Stoltz told reporters: "We think we have the right person arrested." " In addition, a nurse at a Birmingham, Alabama, clinic was maimed and an off-duty police officer was killed in a 1998 bombing by Eric Rudolph, who included abortion among his list of anti-government grievances. 
As part of the Sri Lankan team that won the World Cup in 1996, he played an explosive innings of aggressive shot-making that has been credited with revolutionizing the way in which batsman play the game. After nearly 20 years of international cricket, the 39-year-old is now just as happy to put bowling attacks to the sword as well as working as a UN Goodwill Ambassador. " In 2005 he became only the fourth batsman to reach 10,000 runs in one-day matches and his current stats stand at 12785 runs from 421 one-day internationals. 
The Web site says that since 1998, at least 10 U.S. citizens have been kidnapped and one killed near Ecuador's border with Colombia. The State Department's Web site advises caution when traveling to the northern border region of Ecuador, including Esmeraldas. Two State Department officials, however, said that the man was stabbed more than 24 times and that his fiancée was beaten and raped. 
We might have another spike in the number of cases once we have our first rain, because cholera is waterborne and the contaminated water will be flowing towards open sources and people will be drinking from unprotected wells," she said. In May, Zimbabwe announced that it would receive a $22 million grant from the World Bank to help the country's battered economy. The preventable disease has spread through the southern African country in the past 10 months because of faulty sewage systems, uncollected refuse and a lack of clean water, UNICEF said. " 
Solidarity members won a stunning victory in the election of 1989, taking almost all the seats in the Senate and all of the 169 seats they were allowed to contest in the Sejm or parliament. Eventually the government was forced to negotiate and on August 31, 1980, workers at the massive Lenin shipyard in Gdansk, led by an electrician named Lech Walesa, signed a deal giving workers the right to strike and form trade unions. Modern Poland gained independence in 1918 only to be overrun by Germany and the Soviet Union during the Second World War. 
They were saddened to see "Yes on 8" signs in nearby yards, but never expected the proposition to succeed. Jason Dinant of Las Vegas, Nevada, said the election of Obama made great strides for equality but didn't signify much "progress for equal rights" overall. But when the time came to vote on the "one man and one woman" issue, he followed his moral beliefs and voted in support of California's Proposition 8. 
David Savill, who has named himself Dave Sparrow in Second Life, has Asperger's syndrome. One such researcher is Simon Bignell, a lecturer in psychology at the University of Derby in Derby, England, who is running a project that is evaluating teaching and research in Second Life. For people with autism, we've found it's a very nice way of setting up situations they might come across in their everyday lives," Bignell said. " 
McCartney, who will receive $100,000 to continue her work just outside New Orleans, was selected from among the top 10 CNN Heroes after six weeks of online voting at CNN.com. Hosted by CNN's Anderson Cooper, "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute" features moving musical performances by Aguilera, Keys and Legend. Marie Da Silva, Los Angeles, California: Having lost 14 family members to AIDS, the nanny funds a school in her native Malawi, where half a million children have been orphaned by the disease. 
American Vonn, the defending overall champion, was one of many racers caught out by a bump in a fast section after a sharp right-hand turn. World Cup leader Lindsay Vonn failed to finish on a piste that had been considerably shortened to deal with poor visibility caused by falling snow. Gut gave a clear indication of her immense talent on Friday when finishing fifth in the super-combined and she produced a near flawless run of 57.38 seconds to finish well clear of her rivals. 
President-elect Barack Obama visited military personnel and their families enjoying Christmas dinner at a Marine Corps base in Hawaii Thursday during his holiday vacation. Just wanted to say, 'Hi, hey guys,'" Obama said at one point while reporters were allowed in the room. " Now, more than ever, we must rededicate ourselves to the notion that we share a common destiny as Americans -- that I am my brother's keeper, I am my sister's keeper. ... 
The father, who cannot be named for legal reasons banning the identification of his victims and the surviving children, pleaded guilty Tuesday at Sheffield Crown Court, northern England, and was sentenced to serve 25 life sentences to run concurrently. It emerged that in 1998 one daughter rang Childline, a charity to help abused kids, and asked for assurances about being able to keep her children if she came forward. The judge said the minimum term the 56-year-old rapist should serve in jail should be 19½ years. 
The wreckage was found at 6am Tuesday by a search team just off the coast of Barangay, San Pedro Extension, Davao City, the news agency said. Searchers have recovered items from the wreckage of the cargo plane. The bodies of two of the nine crew members on board were recovered, the report said. 
Robinson pleaded guilty to one count of child molestation on May 26, 2005, according to the Walker County District Attorney's Office. It's 11:02 a.m. Ergas guns his unmarked sport utility vehicle at 95 miles per hour through downtown Atlanta, zipping in and out of the city's notorious traffic congestion. Team Vulture beat out Team Osprey with 147 arrests to 132. 
Mugabe and Tsvangirai, who leads the opposition Movement for Democratic Change, signed the unity deal September 15, but Mugabe's ZANU-PF party and the MDC have failed to implement it because they cannot agree on who should control key ministries. Tsvangirai announced Friday that his party will withdraw from efforts to form a unity government unless 42 kidnapped party members are released or brought to court to face formal charges by New Year's Day. Watch what options the international community has in Zimbabwe » U.S. President George W. Bush and other leaders have urged Mugabe to step down amid a cholera epidemic that the United Nations says has killed more than 1,000 people since August. 
He told the group that the new focus on kidnapping has come too late for his 14-year-old son, Fernando. At least one police officer and one civilian have been taken into custody, accused of involvement in the kidnapping and killing, police and Alejandro Marti said. Next to their bodies, police found a yellow chrysanthemum, a calling card from a gang that calls itself the Band of Flowers. 
Qualcomm Stadium housed 11,000 evacuees at the peak of the disaster, but that number dropped to 5,000 Wednesday morning. Anitra Means showed up to volunteer on Tuesday and found herself managing one of several food banks that seemed to spontaneously appear on the midway's fringes. We believe many people are staying with family and friends or going to hotels," said Red Cross spokeswoman Jeanne Ellinport in Washington. 
After he found a good deal online, the couple purchased the car and found a conversion kit from a company in Massachusetts called Grease Car. We did some research and found out that the old Mercedes engines were very easy to convert, just because they are practically indestructible," Melville explained. Still, Melville says he would recommend a vegetable vehicle to anyone -- with the following caution: "Make sure you have a supplier lined up, because suppliers are becoming harder to find." 
Philip Duffey, Consultant Neurologist at the Hospital said: "I'm amazed and excited that scanning has shown structures which appear to be unequivocally of brain origin. This brain is particularly exciting because it is very well preserved, even though it is the oldest recorded find of this type in the UK, and one of the earliest worldwide." The remains of the brain were found in a skull unearthed during excavations at York University in northern England, a statement from the university said Friday. 
Officials from the juvenile detention center and a court-appointed guardian will be present during the visit, Smith said. Bloomfield described heart-wrenching visits -- 30 minutes each day -- when she can speak to her son through a glass partition. " He's a very good little boy," Eryn Bloomfield said on ABC's "Good Morning America." " 
There was something else about Palin: She looked like Tina Fey, once the "Weekend Update" anchor and head writer for "Saturday Night Live," now the star of the smart "30 Rock." The hype surrounding "The Dark Knight," partly fueled by Ledger's death, turned out to have been warranted; the film earned critical praise and planeloads of money. If you'd polled media professionals last year, they might have named Hillary Clinton and Fred Thompson as the future nominees. 
Lola" Written by: The Kinks' Ray Davies Written for: A transvestite. That someone else was Sara Lownds, whom Dylan married a mere six months later. That May, Dylan was holed up in a hotel after being hospitalized with a virus, and Baez, hoping to remain friends, decided to bring him flowers. 
The substance has proved to be harmless in 15 locations with results still pending for the final embassy in The Hague, Netherlands, Deputy Spokesman Robert Wood said. She said the contents of that envelope "still aren't in," contrary to Wood's statement. " It usually takes more than 24 hours (for the cultures), so perhaps we'll know later today or early tomorrow," Ford told CNN. 
Perhaps the most anticipated addition this year among both fans and artists was former Led Zeppelin member John Paul Jones, who played acoustic mandolin, bass and keyboards throughout the weekend with just about everyone. In 2005 Habitat also built a house in the New Orleans Musicians Village.) The Thursday before the show, Haynes presented the key to a new home to single mother Suzie Cromer and her 8-year-old daughter. " 
The newly formed government, made up of 26 military personnel and six civilians, is negotiating a power-sharing deal that would reflect its ethnic make-up, Diallo said. What we want to see is the transition to a more democratic governing structure for the people of Guinea," U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said earlier this week. Camara has declared himself president of the National Council for Democracy, which he called a transitional body that will oversee the country's return to democracy. 
Using new satellite technology that measures changes in mass in mountain glaciers and ice sheets, NASA geophysicist Scott Luthcke concluded that the losses amounted to enough water to fill the Chesapeake Bay 21 times. " But now, about 15 years later, sea levels are rising about 50 percent faster, making the global climate situation even more unpredictable. " Every few extra inches of sea level have very significant economic impacts, because they change the sea level, increase flooding and storm damage," said, Zwally, ICESat Project Scientist. " 
With no inventory and a small staff on commission, Taylor's reputation spread throughout the Los Angeles, Chicago, Illinois, and Atlanta, Georgia, business communities, partly with the help of fellow Hampton University alumni. He also began visiting his clients in their living rooms or offices for custom fittings and offering a range of fabrics, textures and designs conducive to an individual's style. Ryan Taylor, right, and client Shawn Stockman of Boyz II Men at Taylor's downtown Los Angeles office. 
The candidates took the stage separately in a forum sponsored by TIME at Columbia University in New York. McCain criticized the Bush administration for not taking advantage of that sense of unity and instead imploring the American public to live their lives as usual and "go shopping." " McCain's campaign said Obama's remarks were offensive and a slap at vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin, despite the fact that the Arizona senator himself used the phrase last year to describe a policy proposal of Hillary Clinton's. 
Morgan noted that Anthony has filed a countersuit against Gonzalez, and said Anthony cannot duck a deposition at the same time that she is suing his client. " The pictures "are not necessarily gruesome, but they are disturbing," especially images of the child's skull when it was found and removed from the woods, she said. Checking out her story, authorities found that the apartment where Anthony said she left Caylee was vacant and located a Zenaida Gonzalez, who said she had never met Anthony. 
When he gets $40, he's very impressed, he says, 'I want to be a Muslim just like you,' " Sohail said, adding he had the would-be criminal recite an Islamic oath. " He says, 'Don't call police, don't shoot me, I have no money, I have no food in my house.' " When asked why he chose the hybrid of two Pakistani presidents' names, the Pakistani immigrant laughed and said he had been watching a South Asian news channel moments before the confrontation. 
Citing the former president's trademark optimism, he quoted from Reagan's first inaugural address that "we are not, as some would have us believe, doomed to an inevitable decline." Nancy Reagan stood arm-in-arm with House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio to pull down the curtain from the statue. Artist Chas Fagan has captured his likeness so well, and I think the addition of the pieces of the Berlin Wall in the pedestal reflects my husband's commitment to freedom and democracy for everyone." 
A descendent of Italian immigrants, Benedetti authored such best-selling novels as "The Truce" and "Juan Angel's Birthday," as well as a collection of short stories and poems. Famed Uruguayan author Mario Benedetti died at his home in Montevideo, Uruguay, on Sunday, his personal secretary, Ariel Silva, told CNN. The poet-turned-novelist became a part of a thriving era of Latin authors including Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Carlos Fuentes, and Mario Vargas Llosa, who often intertwined politics with their work. 
For 65 years my family had heard whispers that he and 220 men stormed Omaha Beach and that he and his captain later went AWOL in Paris, France. The Germans were taken by surprise in one of the greatest amphibious invasions of all time, which would mark a turning point of the war in Europe. " Then, over the loudspeakers in the barracks came the famous declaration from Gen. Dwight Eisenhower: "You are about to embark on the Great Crusade." 
In the relegation dogfight, Torino joined Reggina and Lecce in making the drop from Serie A as they lost 3-2 at AS Roma. Figo has been with Inter since 2005 and has helped the club to four straight league titles to become a firm favorite with the fans who gave him a rousing farewell. Bologna beat Catania 3-1 to finish in the 17th place with 37 points, while Torino ended on 34. 
The cause of Friday's blaze remained unknown, but investigators concluded that the fire did not start inside the ABC Day Care, Eduardo Bours, the governor of Sonora state said. As of Saturday night, 23 children remained hospitalized, 15 of them in critical condition, Sonora spokesman Daniel Duran told CNN. A severely burned 3-year-old girl arrived Saturday at the Sacramento hospital -- where pediatric burn treatment is a specialty -- and was in critical condition, according to Dr. Tina Palmieri, assistant chief of the burn unit. 
Business at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Hollywood, Florida, is booming and contributing to the Seminole Indian Tribe's great wealth. The slot machines are ringing, music is blasting at the crowded poolside bar, and people are dancing to celebrity DJs at hip nightclubs. Crow Nation Chairman Cedric Black Eagle hopes the success of his tribe will lie in turning coal into liquid diesel. " 
We go back to Europe quite frequently, and even in Germany people say to us 'thank you for our freedom'. But as he told me later, of the 800 men in his infantry, only five survived the war unharmed, "the rest were killed, missing or wounded." I get the sense that there was a great deal of respect between these soldiers and the Germans on the other side. 
The Maoists signed a peace deal with the government in November 2006, joined an interim parliament and government in 2007 and fought multi-party elections in April this year. Prachanda, 54, entered politics when he was 17 but went underground in 1981, making his first public appearance after 25 years in 2006. Besides completing the peace process, the new government has to face many challenges including inflation, lawlessness, impunity and ethnic aspirations. 
Down the street at Dulles Motor Cars, Hamid and Kevin Saghafi have sold off about half their $1.5 million inventory of Jeeps. Watch how dealerships are making record price cuts » His salesmen have sold 80 cars in the 19 days since their termination letter arrived, with the cars and minivans selling faster than the trucks. His ads for Pohanka Chrysler-Dodge scream, "Everything must go, regardless of profit!" 
In nearly 35 years, it has grown 150 times and is poised to continue that growth into the next millennium. In April and July 2007 respectively, the carrier was named the Best Economy Class in the OAG Airline of the Year Awards and the Skytrax 2006/7 World Airline Awards. E-mail to a friend 
The Chinese gave CNN permission to bring in their own "flyaway" satellite dish and additional microwave gear to be able to transmit live -- a permission unheard of at the time in closed, Communist China. But that live capability -- people watching events as they happen -- was truly special at that time." " You're doing a great job' she said to me," Miran recalled. " 
We go back to Europe quite frequently, and even in Germany people say to us 'thank you for our freedom'. But as he told me later, of the 800 men in his infantry, only five survived the war unharmed, "the rest were killed, missing or wounded." I get the sense that there was a great deal of respect between these soldiers and the Germans on the other side. 
Sistan-Balochistan province -- which shares a border with Pakistan -- is the site of frequent clashes involving Iranian police, drug dealers and armed groups. The cleric, who put the death toll at 25, condemned the bombing before a congregation on the Tehran University campus. Several suspects have been arrested in connection with Thursday's attack in the town of Zahedan, which killed between 15 and 20 people, according to Iranian media reports. 
Janusz Weychert and Mariusz Walter founded the ITI group, a leading private media company in Poland with television stations - including the influential news network TVN24 - as well as a home video, new media and theatrical production operations. " Communism and absolute media control may have only been twenty years ago - but in Poland today, certainly for the country's youth and the media, it's a lifetime. Its success made 25-year-old Popowicz one of Poland's youngest millionaires. 
Solidarity members won a stunning victory in the election of 1989, taking almost all the seats in the Senate and all of the 169 seats they were allowed to contest in the Sejm or parliament. Eventually the government was forced to negotiate and on August 31, 1980, workers at the massive Lenin shipyard in Gdansk, led by an electrician named Lech Walesa, signed a deal giving workers the right to strike and form trade unions. Modern Poland gained independence in 1918 only to be overrun by Germany and the Soviet Union during the Second World War. 
It's taken a long time for this day to come, but we will work with the Goldman family and the Brazilian government, with the goal of ensuring this young boy's return." David Goldman has been fighting for custody of his son, Sean, since the boy's mother took him to Brazil in 2004. But in September, Bianchi's death during childbirth led Goldman to renew his efforts to regain custody of their son. 
Unfriending me seemed tantamount to toilet-papering my locker or scribbling my phone number on the boy's locker room wall. We'd been having problems that had culminated in a huge argument the day before, but I figured we'd get through it. You can't blame them; it's not like you were in love or planning a future with your friend. ( 
Watch as experts question whether recovery is possible » According to the officials, who had been briefed on the incident and declined to be identified because of the ongoing investigation, the Air France office in Buenos Aires received the threat from a man speaking Spanish. On Wednesday, searchers recovered two debris fields and had identified the wreckage, including an airplane seat and an orange float as coming from Flight 447. Watch report on the struggle to find pieces of the plane » The Airbus A330 went down about three hours after beginning what was to have been an 11-hour flight. 
said L.A. Councilman Bill Rosendahl, whose district includes Brentwood and Pacific Palisades. " Police say Thomas led a gang dubbed the "Hillside Burglars" that targeted the neighborhoods overlooking Sunset Boulevard. " These guys were real good," said L.A. City Councilman Jack Weiss, who oversees Bel Air where some of the burglaries were committed. " 
We spend £100,000 ($148,000) a year cleaning ugly blobs of conventional chewing gum off our streets," Westminster City Councilor Danny Chalkley said in a written statement. " British parliamentarians have called on the government to introduce a tax on chewing gum, with the money raised going toward the cost of gum removal. Unlike other gums that contain petrochemicals the natural gum is produced from the sap of the chicozapote tree found in the Mexican rainforest, a spokesman for Chicza told CNN. 
Alexander: As an actress who spent most of my career in nonprofit theaters, They began with the seed of an NEA grant back in the late 60s, most of them. CNN: Some people will say that while the NEA may consider this a victory, it's really a pittance, a drop in the bucket, so little money given the challenges many arts organizations are facing today. What people forget is that there are over 2 million people in the United States of America who are professional artists. 
The blogs and chat rooms had speculated that she had been pressuring fellow actor Ahn Jae-hwan to repay a debt before he took his own life in September 2008. Whenever famous people kill themselves there is an effect on those people who are most vulnerable from a similar age group -- we see this in Taiwan, South Korea and Japan and China, " said Yip. " Making it acceptable to talk about problems, making people feel connected to their community and having a support system in place were methods Yip believed has helped to reduce those at risk. 
Investigators believe that the killer or killers could be from Okfuskee County, or that a member of the community knows something about what happened to the girls the afternoon of June 4, 2008. " Skyla's room is the same as it was a year ago except for the boxes of cards from across the globe, as far as Japan, expressing sympathy and support. The incident stripped the small, close-knit community of its innocence as people came to realize that they weren't safe, Rice said. 
The "bizarre-looking" monkeys -- on the brink of extinction -- were so skittish around people that researchers were able to snap a photo of just one of them: an adult male scampering through the trees. There is still time to save this unique species, but with just 200 or so left and threats still strong, we need to act now." Now they estimate that roughly 200 remain, mainly in parts of northern Vietnam near the Chinese border. 
It gives you euphoria or what you call 'runner's high.' " After 13 years of using drugs, Crandell started competing in Ironman races and championed finding positive ways to fight addiction through his program called Racing for Recovery. " It's different when you use drugs, you temporarily feel good and afterwards, you feel like doing more drugs," Freas said. " 
For DeJonge, it's a poignant reminder that time is running out in his quest to find and photograph the few surviving veterans of the war, which raged from 1914 to 1918. " Each week or month that passes, it seems, brings news of an aging veteran succumbing before DeJonge can find the time and money to photograph him. Not long ago, he said, two Jamaicans who fought with the British during World War I died. 
The survivors see President Obama almost like a grandson of theirs," said the director of the Buchenwald memorial, Volker Knigge, speaking just outside the front gate. " A long narrow road winds through a thick forest up a hill called the "Ettesberg," on the outskirts of Weimar in central Germany. The road goes on for miles through the forest, but every once in a while you see an old railway station, a tower, or an old structure withering in the German rain. 
Randy Powell is 50 years old and became a grandfather just last week. But when he returned home from work one day last month, an overnight letter from the Army had arrived with orders that he was being activated for an Iraq deployment. As his tank rolled into Baghdad in April 2003, Chris Tucker mounted his camera to capture the moment. " 
In addition to the dead, 12 people were hospitalized. The identity of the driver, passengers and owner of the Excursion were not released. The Ford Excursion crashed at about 11:55 p.m. Saturday in a remote area about 30 miles north of the Mexican border, ejecting almost all the 22 passengers inside, police said in a statement. 
CNN's Arthur Brice and CNN en Español's Luisa Calad contributed to this report. The soldiers were met by gunfire, it said. The incident began about 7 p.m., when the soldiers went to a location called Avenida Rancho Grande in Acapulco "to exploit information obtained through an anonymous tip," the ministry said in a statement. 
A majority of Iranians also favor Iran developing nuclear weapons. It also reveals a population with a strong awareness that the United States is as much a potential ally as it is now seen as a current threat. The survey was conducted from May 11 to 20, with 1,001 random interviews proportionally distributed covering all 30 provinces of Iran, and a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points. 
What could have prompted 28-year-old Michael McLendon to shoot to death his mother, grandmother, uncle, cousin and six others -- some of whom appear just to have been in the worst place at the worst time -- before turning the gun on himself? In decades of research in collaboration with my Northeastern University colleague Jack Levin, certain common characteristics of mass killers emerge time and time again. But Tuesday's rampage in Samson, Alabama -- with a body count reaching to the double digits -- forces us to struggle mightily in search of plausible explanations and effective solutions. 
Ryder Lee: We were trying to get Potter some of those electric drum pads (which will fit into a suitcase), but that's just not as cool. And we have videos on there, and a directory of the folks we've used, so if other acts were to hire this way, they could come in and use these same people. Their new buzz phrase is "hiring local" -- local roadies, local T-shirt vendors, local suppliers for amps and equipment. 
His son Jett, 16, was found unconscious on January 2 while on vacation with his family in the Bahamas. This role as an actor gave me the chance to dispense with all moral and ethical limitations, and explore just how bad this character could really be. Many of the action shots were filmed in New York subway tunnels. 
There is a long history of Taliban presence in the area, including foreign fighters in leadership roles, local officials said. Both the residents and Taliban fighters are using heavy weapons, including rocket launchers and anti-aircraft weapons, Rehman said. The militants threatened to continue attacking cities in Pakistan until the military ends its operations against Taliban militants. 
After 60 years, I gave up hope a long time ago, and I'm glad you're here with us tonight," Fahrer told Boles. Boles told the group what he said in private -- that the men are "national treasures." " Boles said he couldn't speak to why the Berga commanders got off so easy, but he said he knew "it caused a great deal of pain for these men." 
Security video shows Garza leaving the club with convicted sex offender Michael Mele, according to the New York Police Department. Early last month, beautiful 25-year-old Laura Garza went missing. According to the same study, one quarter of men serving time for rape and 19 percent of those serving time for sexual assault had been on probation or parole at the time of the offense that landed them in prison. 
Earlier in the day, the prime minister strongly refuted initial French news reports of Bongo's death. Shortly afterward, hospital officials reported Bongo's passing to Gabonese officials. Bongo, 73, had been receiving treatment for intestinal cancer at the Quiron clinic in Barcelona, Spain, according to the Gabonews agency. 
It was unknown whether the attacks were connected with Saturday's shootout, which started when soldiers went to a location called Avenida Rancho Grande in Acapulco on an anonymous tip. Gunmen killed three police officers in Acapulco, Mexico, early Monday morning in attacks on two police stations, the state news agency Notimex reported. Acapulco officers Gilberto Reducindo Salazar and Arturo Tonala Aguilar were killed in that incident, according to Notimex. 
Enya: Yes, it can be, but you have to remember that [if] it's 500 vocals I wouldn't have sung them at the same time. Enya: Well, with the anniversary, yes, I've been listening to "Watermark." Enya: I work with two other people, the producer Nicky Ryan and Roma Ryan, the lyricist. 
The patients get satisfaction from having some sunshine coming to them in the hospital," said Phyllis Citera, director of volunteer services at the hospital. " I found it powerful in terms of my own growth and freedom of expression and creativity, and thought it would be something wonderful and powerful to bring back to the community, to teens in particular," he said. A positive approach empowers people who are ill, said Goldberg, who works with children, teenagers and young adults. 
Though his side business, named "Feed My Wheels dot com," has only converted a handful of vehicles, he recently took on his largest project by far -- a 1983 Itasca RV. " Before taking on his first conversion, he hadn't worked on a car since his 1978 Plymouth Volare -- which he drove in college. He ordered a conversion kit for $900 and proceeded to convert a truck to run on used vegetable oil -- just to see if he could. 
Months later, Ruiz and her family received another surprise, courtesy of ABC's "Extreme Makeover: Home Edition." When Ty Pennington came to our home and said, 'Ruiz family, come on out,' we all just ran out and couldn't believe that we were chosen," Ruiz said. " But lately, it's been Ruiz's own life that's been changing. 
At a crisis center at the airport in Rio, relatives of the missing complained of a dearth of information from Air France, the Brazilian state news agency reported. French Transport Minister Jean-Louis Borloo told CNN affiliate France 2 that France asked the U.S. military to assist in the search through U.S. detection satellites. Michael Harris was a company geologist in Rio de Janeiro, according to a company spokesman. 
According to state and federal authorities, an FBI informant met with Cromitie in June 2008 in Newburgh, New York. At a court hearing on May 21, U.S. Magistrate Lisa Smith ordered three of the suspects -- Cromitie, David Williams and Onta Williams -- to remain in custody without bail. Payen told the judge he has prescriptions for drugs used to treat depression and conditions including bipolar disorder. 
A silver sign is prominently displayed in recognition of Serenbe's ecologically sound construction, proving that Serenbe is not the average cookie-cutter housing development. Jim White, Hilary's husband and business partner, says it's the alternative nature of their business that has saved them from going under. " The figures have scared developers away from investing in new types of property, but Steve Nygren says that Serenbe is maintaining sales even now. " 
Holding a plate full of the little pieces of credit card, Cross said, "This looks like a melted credit card, but this really represents freedom in these people's lives, because it's the first step." America has been a very greedy, give-me-now country for so long, and I think it's a wake-up call for everybody that we can live differently," said Beth Diaz. Cross invites his guests, who pay $25 a head to hear his message, to come up to the front of the room for what he calls the beginning of "freedom." 
Officer Eric Kelly, who rushed to the scene on his way home after finishing his shift, was fatally shot as he attempted to assist his fallen colleagues, Harper said. Poplawski opened fire at an Army SWAT vehicle that arrived around 8:30 a.m., preventing them and medics from reaching the wounded policemen. Wearing a bulletproof vest and armed with an AK-47, a long rifle and a pistol, Poplawski fired about 100 rounds during the standoff, Harper said. 
A lot of people said, 'You need to put on a shirt,'" he said, so Dinant set up a Web site called putonashirt.com where he compiled the comments. After months of eschewing junk food in favor of lean protein -- egg whites, chicken breast and vegetables -- he devoured pie. Dinant has maintained his diet of 16 egg whites, one and a quarter-pound of meat, four cups of vegetables, potatoes and rice a day. 
A recent study in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute reports that doctors reading mammograms miss an average of two in every 10 cases of breast cancer. No matter what their age, race or medical history, the female patients probably shared a similar experience during the 20-minute procedure. " All mammogram facilities are required to issue results within 30 days, but many will contact patients within a week if there is a problem with the mammogram. 
Pauline Frommer, creator of the Pauline Frommer Guidebooks, has two kids, ages 6 and 10. Other offerings from the museum include family audio guides that are best for ages 6 to 12, Norris said, and a "Make your Mark!" In truth, it's a museum that celebrates the history of recorded music and does so in a cutting-edge, highly interactive manner," Frommer said. 
Symptoms, which appear three to 14 days after the bite, can include mild to high fever, severe headache, pain behind the eyes, muscle and joint pain and a rash, the WHO says. Authorities said they have committed more than 20,000 military personnel and 2.5 tons of insecticide to combat the disease. The outbreak was confirmed as causing the deaths of at least 67 people -- almost half of them children under 13 -- and another 58 deaths were under investigation last summer, the Rio de Janeiro state's ministry of health reported at the time. 
Police dogs remain the most affordable and reliable solution to solving crimes that require scent detection, police officers say. Training detection dogs such as Kaden often begins during puppyhood so imprinting scent differentiation becomes innate, handlers say. Think about a scenario like the 1996 Olympic bombings," says Kaden's trainer Jeff Schettler, a cheery man who has coached hundreds of dogs to sniff out bombs, drugs, missing people and corpses since the mid-1990s. 
Send us your story, photos and video. Check the list of scheduled stops below to find out when the tour is coming to a city near you. Come out and join CNN's Fit Nation! 
I want to progress through the Nationwide Series and enter the Sprint Cup Series and win championships and hopefully be a full-time owner years down the road, so I think everything's going in the right direction," Davis said. With a lower-budget team, you have a better shot of making races and winning races to be more competitive, since a lot of the higher teams have cut back their budgets as well." Two years ago, Davis signed a six-year contract with the Joe Gibbs Race team as a developmental driver. 
Nearly three out of four adults say they are trying to make healthier choices when eating out than they did just two years ago, according to the National Restaurant Association. " Healthydiningfinder.com, a Web site operated by the National Restaurant Association, can help you pinpoint nutritious fare at nearly 30,000 restaurants across the country -- enter your ZIP code or your city, and you can search for restaurants by cuisine or price range. • CookingLight.com: An expert take on healthful dining-out trends Tap into the trend "While restaurants are becoming more health-conscious, it's only going to keep happening if people ask for it," says Katherine Tallmadge, R.D., a Washington, D.C.-based spokesperson for the American Dietetic Association. 
The soon-to-be-combined Morgan Stanley and Citigroup's Smith Barney will be doling out bonuses to its financial advisers, even as both firms take $60 billion of your bailout dollars. The dictionary describes a bonus as a sum of money granted to an employee on top of their regular pay, usually in appreciation for work done, length of service, or accumulated favors. But in the middle of a bailout, we have good reason to call this bonus -- bogus. 
As a result competition is fierce for Heathrow slots, with airlines paying as much as $60 million to get their hands on them. In the future, OpenSkies plans to fly to other business centers, including Amsterdam, Frankfurt, Milan, Madrid, Zurich, and Geneva. In June, the airline will also launch services between Continental Europe and New York. 
The techniques included keeping the prisoner in stress positions for extended periods of time, sleep deprivation, slapping, enclosing the prisoner in a box with insects, and waterboarding, which simulates drowning. The release was ordered in response to a Freedom of Information Act request filed by the American Civil Liberties Union. " President Obama formally banned the techniques by issuing an executive order requiring that the U.S. Army field manual be used as the guide for terror interrogations. " 
The Jabra BT3030 consists primarily of a small remote control unit housed in a dog-tag style pendant. Other features include call-waiting support, the ability to reject calls, plus the ability to transfer calls from the headset to the phone, and vice versa. This seemed to vary from caller to caller, however, so we urge you to give it a trial run before you settle for it. 
Calls to Park Central management were not immediately returned on Saturday. The audition was shut down after the incident, authorities said. Six people were injured, and two of them sought treatment at a hospital, authorities said. 
Po Toi O is a 45-minute drive from Hong Kong Island and can be reached using minibus route 16 from Po Lam and by car along the Po Toi O Chuen road. The style is 1930s Shanghai with traditional furniture as well as contemporary Chinese art and dazzling views from the balcony. On the menu is traditional Chinese food (monosodium glutamate is completely banned) as well as Western tea, coffee and cakes during the day. 
She is undergoing routine tests and expects to be feeling better soon," Leslie Sloane said in an e-mailed statement. Production will not be affected," Sloane said. Actress Mariska Hargitay went to a hospital for tests Wednesday after she "experienced some discomfort" related to the collapsed lung she suffered in January, her publicist said. 
Behind a shiny strawberry-red façade in Covent Garden, British confectionary is experiencing a resurgence at Hope and Greenwood, a sweet 1950s-style candy store named after its sugar-loving owners. Bourne & Hollingsworth (named after the department store that once existed on its site) is decidedly more adult; the quirky basement bar in Fitzrovia is tricked out to feel like grandma's -- complete with signature floral wallpaper and consciously stodgy décor. But rather than flaunt themselves as fusty Churchillian relics, these new spots are drawing stylish Bright Young Things who can't get enough of the city's collective nostalgia trip. 
Also found in O'Ryan's car were love letters, clippings and other information on Johnson, the court documents said, along with items such as duct tape and "zip ties." O'Ryan was also ordered to have no contact with Johnson or her family and to stay 500 feet away from the gymnast and the CBS studio. Johnson won a gold medal on the balance beam and three silver medals in the women's team, all-around and floor competitions at the 2008 Olympic games in Beijing, China. 
Today's first President is a well-rounded figure at the expanded visitors center, museum, and education facility at Mount Vernon Estate & Gardens in Virginia. They crowd into upstairs halls to see bedrooms that hosted more than 700 guests each year in George and Martha's time. King George III told an associate that if Washington gave up all his power and went back to his farm, he would be the greatest man in the world," James remarks. " 
Further details were not immediately available, nor were the conditions of those injured in the incident. Fifty-five others were injured in the incident, which occurred near a school in Peru's Ayacucho province, said Director Maria Torrealba. Seven children and two teachers were killed Monday when a bridge collapsed in southern Peru, according to a health department official. 
Rabe Abubakar, spokesman for the Nigerian military's joint task force. It is not the first declaration of war by MEND, which demands that more of Nigeria's oil wealth be reinvested in the region instead of enriching those the militants consider corrupt politicians. CNN's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report. 
Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo speaks at a news conference in Asuncion on Monday. " Some Cabinet members interpreted Lugo's acknowledgment of paternity as an indication of the change he has promised to bring about to achieve greater transparency in the public sector. " But some opposition party members said it appeared that Lugo had practically been forced to acknowledge what happened; that he had not done so willingly. 
The refugees, many of whom are already suffering from serious war-related injuries or illnesses, are packed together without the bare minimum to survive," said Donna Canali, who worked for MSF at Dagahaley Camp. " The fatalities included a soldier and three children who were killed when the rounds struck a nearby school, a police spokesman said. One nurse called the refugee camps in Kenya "public health time bombs." " 
The congress also approved a new census, seven parliamentary seats to be reserved for representatives of indigenous villages, and a referendum on autonomy for five resource-rich eastern regions and the eastern province of Gran Chaco. That effort has not been in vain," the leftist leader said as he approved the law, which calls for general elections to be held on December. For the opposition, the requirement of a new electoral census and tighter rules regarding who gets to vote was an important victory. " 
Guinea-Bissau, a former Portuguese colony, has a history of military coups. The army and Guinea-Bissau's president clashed in the months prior to Vieira's assassination. The attack happened a day after Gen. Tagme Na Waie, chief of Guinea-Bissau's military, was killed in a bomb explosion in his office. 
Evo Morales on hunger strike at the presidential palace in Bolivia's capital, La Paz. More than three days into the strike, Morales appeared healthy during his address. The president wants the opposition-led Senate to set a date for general elections that are expected to give him another five-year term. 
Controversy surrounds a scheduled commencement speech by President Barack Obama at this Catholic university. * * A small team from Operation Blessing helped this earthquake-ravaged town in China's Sichuan Province rebuild. * * Russia celebrated its defeat of Nazi Germany with Victory Day parades in this city. * * 
(InStyle.com) -- From barefoot tomboy to fashion supernova, fearless pop renegade Rihanna lives to bust all the rules. " Many showbiz types say, "Don't ever read your own press," but you do, even the online stuff. She would say things to scare me like, "You're going to get cut!" 
From St Basil's Cathedral, the Kremlin, Christ the Saviour Cathedral and Manej Square, Chance gives us the latest on what makes the Russia of today, from domestic and foreign policy, to business, to culture. The best will be posted online to be read and watched by CNN.com Youtube audiences around the world, while English language contributions have the additional opportunity to feature on air in CNN's programming output. " Additionally, there are reports on Russian communities around the world that have sprung up in places as different as Ashdod, Israel and Brighton Beach, New York. 
In the following days, the actress released a statement on behalf of her sister and mother: "My dad was so loved by so many people, and his humor and spirit will always live in our hearts." Says Diaz: "I know I'll never be in a situation where I can't get to somebody for support." Watch thoughts on friends and sexy poll results » She has paired them with a simple black sweater and added a dash of glitz with a crystal-and-gold cocktail ring from Barneys. " 
Thomas Taylor joined the House of Lords, the upper house of parliament, in 1978. Truscott and Taylor were among four lords investigated by the House of Lords Sub-Committee on Interests. Peter Truscott got his baronage in 2004. 
The frenzied crowd at London's Brixton Academy The six-piece 2-tone outfit originally from the English Midlands played a total of five dates at what is now the O2 Academy, such was the phenomenal demand for tickets. If "Do The Dog" appeared to hit the spot, then tracks such as "Too Much Too Young," and "Gangsters" literally had the earth moving in this imposing old theatre. Terry Hall, showing no sign of fatigue after a recent throat infection and the band's homecoming gig in Coventry the previous night, was in a chirpy mood. 
CNN: You used to be a DJ -- what's your opinion of Moscow's nightlife? From 4pm in the afternoon to 10pm at night you have long traffic jams on all the roads out of the city. Some "dachas" are really basic wooden houses and some are palaces but every family has one, or even two or three. 
Have a princess moment Treating yourself to a massage, a body exfoliation, a professional blow-out, a brow shaping or a mani-pedi can elevate your mood by affirming to yourself that you're worth the splurge. (InStyle.com) -- Style-maker, TV host and opinionated fashionista Carson Kressley explains how to give yourself a complete makeover--inside and out. Write yourself a love note Some women are so obsessed with their hips that they fail to notice their flat tummy. 
Israel launched its offensive in Gaza with the stated intent of stopping a barrage of rockets -- primarily short-range homemade Qassam rockets -- fired from the territory into southern Israel by Hamas fighters. Israel has been long been a critic of the Human Rights Council, arguing that it is one-sided in its approach to the Jewish state. The Israeli military put the death toll at 1,166 and has maintained that more than half were "Hamas terror operatives" The Hamas movement welcomed the arrival of the investigators. 
Star Power: Heidi Klum, Leslie Grossman, Anna Chlumsky Rose-Cut Most diamonds have a flat top with facets on the edges and bottom, but a rose-cut diamond is domed and covered with facets. Star Power: Jeri Ryan, Courtney Ford, Guiliana DePandi Princess Think of this flirty, flashy option as the "Yeah, baby!" Star Power: Melissa Akey Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE! 
But for a vision of the future as designed by local superstar architect Santiago Calatrava, wander along the city's old river bed towards The City of Arts and Sciences. The area was scrubbed up when Valencia hosted the Americas Cup, sailing's blue riband event, in 2007. It generally involves a number of old men sitting down not doing very much, while one pronounces what has been decided, and it's a bit of a tour-group hot spot. 
Arriving at CNN in a blue dress, bright green jacket and what look like 6-inch heels, it's obvious the author isn't just a bystander of the fashion capital. And the best-selling author's newest book, "One Fifth Avenue," provides a few more -- including attorney Annalisa Rice, gossip columnist Enid Merle and gold digger Lola Fabrikant. Watch Bushnell talk about her new book » Bushnell said a minor character or two often will appear in several of her books. 
The Midnite Disturbers will be at Jazz Fest -- of course -- holding down a 5:55 p.m. slot Saturday afternoon. Each artist has a name, printed in red, on his shirt, following the command "Listen to": Smokey Johnson ... Brian O'Neill ... Henry "Red" Allen. We realized we had never had our own band together, and we decided to invite all of the best horn players we know to play with us," O'Day said. 
The Voortrekker monument and museum, just outside the city, celebrate the pioneer spirit of the Boer and their "Great Trek" from the Cape to the country's interior. There are veggie options available for those who aren't tempted by the thought of slow-roasted impala, but if you choose the vegetable lasagna you may never find out if crocodile really does take like chicken. Get around Too big to explore on foot, Jo' burg is a driver's city. 
For those staying on the mainland, check if musician Femi Kuti is in town on a Sunday and go to "The Shrine", Ikeja - the home of Afrobeat. It's great for African prints and carvings but is a maze of a market, so best to hop on the back of popular motorcycles known locally as okadas to help you navigate it. Or you can catch the current king of Afrobeat, Lagbaja at his club Motherlan' on Opebi Road, Ikeja. 
People who aren't sick should continue to work and use normal precautions like washing hands, according to the CDC. Several state health departments such as the New York, where there are 50 confirmed cases, and Kansas, where there are two confirmed cases, said they haven't made state-level advisories yet on whether travelers from Mexico who feel healthy should attend work or not. Symptoms of swine flu, also known as 2009 N1H1, can include a fever, sore throat, cough, chills, headaches and runny nose. 
The answer to the first is easy: Yes, yes, good Lord, yes, Matlin can't stop talking about Hurt and their passionate, turbulent, at times violent relationship. What does she say about her relationship with William Hurt, her former lover and costar in "Children of a Lesser God," for which Matlin won a Golden Globe and an Oscar in 1987? Mr. Hurt no doubt sends his regards. 
And in the midst of it all was Richard Nixon: Red-baiter, former vice president, failed gubernatorial nominee, punch line, political strategist and president, a master at playing both sides to maintain his hold on power. But "Nixonland" is as much a cultural history as a political chronicle; indeed, in the '60s the two were tightly enmeshed. If Perlstein's history of the 1960s and early '70s in America has a throughline, it's mistrust. 
Chabon's new book, "The Yiddish Policeman's Union" (HarperCollins), combines Landsman's hard-boiled detective's terrain with the landscape of alternate history, one in which world events take a startling turn. However, 60 years later, Sitka is about to be returned to local jurisdiction, and the island's Jews -- including a noted detective, Meyer Landsman -- are wondering where to go next. It reminds me of when my first novel, 'The Mysteries of Pittsburgh,' came out ... and everybody in Pittsburgh said, 'Are you crazy? 
Meanwhile, Vaughan, a one-time film student, has begun a career in television, working as a writer on ABC's "Lost." Vaughan's career in comics dates back more than a decade, but his love for the medium stretches back to his adolescence. Listening to writer Brian K. Vaughan summarize the plot of his comic book, "Y: The Last Man," makes it sound like just another pulp title. 
In January 2006, as part of his New Year's resolution, Welch reluctantly attended his first Weight Watchers meeting, but not before making one last stop for what Welch called his "last meal." " I remember specifically in 1995, my waist size went from a 34 [inches] to a 38 in a matter of months," Welch said. " About the same time, Welch started walking with a cousin who had lost 70 to 80 pounds on Weight Watchers. 
Over the next three years, she lost 120 pounds and dropped seven dress sizes. At first, Wygal says, she was too embarrassed to go to a gym, so she bought an elliptical machine and started working out 15 minutes a day in her apartment. " Tracey Wygal weighed 295 pounds before starting a "clean diet," keeping a food journal and exercising. 
Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh called the president "the greatest living example of a reverse racist," and said that he has picked another for the Supreme Court vacancy of retiring Justice David Souter. I want to give her an opportunity to answer these kind of people," said Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, who chairs the Judiciary Committee that will conduct Sotomayor's confirmation hearing. During the presidential campaign, then-candidate Barack Obama said that he hoped his administration wouldn't get hung up on matters of race. 
The book commemorates 25 years in the fashion business for the New Yorker, as well as a quarter century as an advocate for social activism. And I think we also have these walls around us, and when people disagree, we're inclined not to listen, but to a degree you can break through that wall often with humor. Jon Stewart has shown us how to do that, as have some other people who are in the art of doing it well. 
Now the author is bombarded with "CSI"-like information from every side -- from "Bones" to "Forensic Files" to, well, "CSI." " Fans have asked if this is Cornwell's last book in the series -- noting that the title "Scarpetta" is very ominous-sounding. In the novel, Scarpetta leaves South Carolina for New York, where the NYPD has asked her to examine an injured psychiatric patient. 
With the completed array the station will be able to provide enough electricity when the crew size is doubled to six in May, NASA said. Three valves have been cleared and installed on Discovery, it said. Discovery is to deliver the fourth and final set of "solar array wings" to the ISS. 
But I would have been ready to leave on another long motorcycle trip the next day, if it weren't for the suitcase full of dirty laundry and the need to deal with real life for a while. See how motorcycle travel differs from car travel » The smells were intense: fresh-cut hay, pine trees baking in the sun, honeysuckle -- and sometimes, the not-so-pleasant aroma of ripening roadkill. For our road trip, we had chosen an eight-day itinerary from our homes outside Atlanta, Georgia, through the mountains of North Carolina and Virginia, then east to the Atlantic shoreline and south along the coastal islands of the Outer Banks. 
Yet, after an initial flurry of gross guffaws, the movie edges toward something rather different: a nuanced, sensitive coming-of-age story that finds its heart in post-adolescent romantic turmoil. Still, "Adventureland" makes more effort than "Superbad" -- not that hard admittedly -- to develop a character for Stewart. Looking wan and pensive (the "Twilight" star always looks in need of a good night's sleep), Stewart as Em gives the impression she's living life more acutely than the others. 
Maguire: Well, Brrr is the name that I've given to the cowardly lion who is the main character -- the protagonist -- in this novel called "A Lion Among Men." Maguire: Well, I like to think I'm a pretty good-natured guy and pretty civil and probably not ever truly guilty in any serious way of any legal infractions. Gregory Maguire: I would describe [my books] as being, not quite allegories, but commentaries on contemporary society -- and indeed politics to some extent -- enshrouded in, and disguised by, the guise of children's stories. 
Moton field is a little over three miles from Tuskegee University, the only college campus in the country with a national park. The "Tuskegee experience," as park rangers call it, will officially open in October, when Hangar One, and eventually Hangar Two, will be retrofitted to look as they did when the facility was in full operation in the 1940s. The park includes The Oaks, home of university founder Booker T. Washington, and a museum that houses the work of the renowned slave-turned-scientist George Washington Carver. 
That's especially true for many older Americans, who might not have 10 years to recover and who don't have sources of income other than their savings -- which have dwindled dramatically. I think it's a mistake to try to rebuild what we've lost. Above a basic threshold, more money doesn't make us happier. 
We must be as if liberators for our day and our generation too," he said, citing Burma (renamed Myanmar) and Zimbabwe, as well as the "mortal threat of poverty, hunger, illiteracy, disease and want." More than 150,000 allied troops, about half of them Americans, took part in D-Day on June 6, 1944, overwhelming German forces in an operation that proved a turning point in driving the Nazis out of France. The ground was so strewn with bodies that you could practically cross the beach without touching the sand." " 
He formed his own production company in 2002 and made his debut as a producer on the film "Narc," in which he also starred as a corrupt cop. The film was one of that year's surprise hits, taking in more than $150 million at the domestic box office. In 2004, Liotta starred in an episode of the hit NBC drama, "ER," winning an Emmy for his guest appearance. 
Klein said his friends wanted to talk about two things while he was building his man cave: how his amazing bar was coming along and how they thought Harrell would lose the bet. Their wives even started a dress committee, to make sure the loser was appropriately attired, and their kids delighted in the prospect of seeing Dad in a dress. He worked on his basement for more than a year and ended up losing 65 pounds in the process -- more than enough to win his bet with Harrell. 
Boats crowd Dingle's popular marina, bringing fresh seafood catches of the day. Most shops and restaurants have shorter hours during winter, and traditional music is found in some of the pubs on the weekends. A beer (preferably Guinness) and some hearty pub grub are a perfect way to cap a day of exploring the wintry sights of the peninsula. 
Mendocino, California My day in Mendocino County was completely unplanned. Everyone talks about the gorgeous coastline in Northern California, so I thought, we'll see if they're right. Oregon Caves National Monument is located outside Junction Caves, Oregon. 
They're going for hostels with their dorm-style bunk beds, community bathrooms, and, most importantly for many hostel dwellers, shared living spaces. " But people are respectful of each other's space, he said, and they rarely spend time together in the dorm room aside from sleeping anyway. " Despite the rise in many hostel bookings, Williams said hostelling still isn't part of mainstream American culture. " 
That right allows governments to take private property for public use without an owner's consent, after paying a fair price for the land. Landowner Randy Musser told CNN he is encouraged that the government is recognizing that the negotiations aren't working. While the threat of eminent domain stills seem to be on the table, "it finally seems like the lines of communication are open," Musser said. 
Many markets start on the Friday before Advent, which is four Sundays before Christmas Eve; most end on December 24, especially in Germanic countries, where Christmas Eve is set aside for trimming the tree at home. That goes not only for your lodging but also for restaurants, many of which close on Christmas Eve and Day; those that are open usually offer a set-price feast and book up fast with locals. This is what Christmas should be -- a holiday free of mall Muzak and the frantic need to lay your hands on the superstore's last Tickle Me Xbox. 
Watch Obama laud Reagan's optimism » Mrs. Reagan is slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of President Reagan on Wednesday morning at the Capitol and then share a private White House lunch with first lady Michelle Obama. The 11-member commission will plan activities marking Ronald Reagan's 100th birthday on February 6, 2011. I think she speaks in real personal terms about the issue," Gibbs told reporters. " 
Winston Churchill and President Calvin Coolidge also rested here amid art and antiquities from around the world. Perhaps a headline from Hearst's San Francisco Examiner in another era could best describe our trip: "The road to fun is back and affordable!" Hearst Castle looks down over golden fields, the glistening Pacific and the town of San Simeon, California, home to less than 500 people. 
And four of the country's political parties, including the Congress Party, are led by women. The South Asian country of 1.1 billion people has a female president, Pratibha Devisingh Patil. Women play a prominent role in the politics of India, the world's largest democracy. 
Cat-head The cat-head is a large wooden beam that extends from vessels at a 45 degree angle and is used to assist in raising and lowering the anchor. Poop deck A poop deck is a deck at the rear of a ship, generally formed by the roof of a cabin. Where ropes and lines come into contact with sails there is serious potential for damage to the sail due to the abrasive nature of most rigging. 
The men toured the Children's Zone with founder Geoffrey Canada, and spent time in a classroom where some students were studying for a math test. Watch Prince Harry's visit to Ground Zero » He left a handwritten note tacked to the wreath, citing an "the courage shown by the people" of New York on September 11, 2001. Watch Soledad O'Brien's report on the Children's Zone » Cheering people lined the street as Harry entered the building. 
Cynde Strand is now Director of Coverage at CNN International, based in Atlanta Daniela Deane was a chief sub-editor at the Reuters news agency in Hong Kong during the Tiananmen crisis And Strand had a feeling that whatever was going to happen was going to happen at night, when energy levels were low. " It was dark, she and Swartz took shelter behind public bathrooms for awhile, and the most dramatic images she had managed to film had gone with producer Donna Liu back to the CNN bureau. 
When the shooting began, the couple's son, Nathan, ran out of the house and down the street -- with his dad chasing him through the garage and firing several shots, authorities said. Bellar was arrested twice in Polk County: for aggravated assault in 1994, and for driving under the influence in 1999. Investigators do not know what led to the shooting, but believe it was preceded by "some kind of domestic disturbance," a statement from the sheriff's office said. 
CNN has cross-checked a list of the names of 70 dead soldiers provided to the U.S. War Department after the war with the names of the dead listed in Acevedo's diary. More of our men died, so fast that you couldn't keep track of their numbers," Acevedo wrote on April 19, 1945, four days before he was liberated by advancing U.S. troops. Both congressmen have pushed for a congressional resolution to honor the 350 soldiers held at Berga an der Elster, a subcamp of Buchenwald where dozens of American soldiers were beaten, starved and killed. 
Six people were arrested in connection with the attack, which occurred Sunday afternoon in Vienna's 15th district, police spokesman Schwaig Hofar told CNN. Authorities are investigating what triggered the attacks, but Austrian Interior Minister Maria Fekter said Sikhs have lived "exceptionally peacefully" in Austria. CNN's Ben Brumfeld and Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report. 
Consequently, when the Russian Premier League was formed in 1992, Spartak found themselves in a better position than many of their rivals and stormed on to win nine of the first 10 titles up for grabs. Abramovich funds Russia's National Football Academy, which, along with providing plastic pitches and coaches for young footballers, is also responsible for paying the wages of national team coach Guus Hiddink. CSKA Moscow's 2005 UEFA Cup triumph was financed by Sibneft, whose majority shareholder at the time was Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich, currently the 51st richest man in the world according to Forbes.com. 
Redmond cooks using a solar oven, a small appliance that uses four reflectors, to heat food in Redmond's front yard. It's OK just to simply hang your lines ... and not use your dryer," says Redmond, who cut his electric bill by 15 to 20 percent by ditching the dryer. " Richmond says he can heat food to about 350 degrees in his solar oven, but the stove's manufacture says it can heat food up to 400 degrees. 
Through the Show Me Campaign, Legend has pledged to raise $1.5 million over five years to support programs similar to Ruziga's that are aimed at alleviating poverty in Mbola. On his 2007 visit to Mbola, Legend met "Mama" Mwadawa Ruziga, a single mother of two who was freeing herself from poverty. Partnering with economist Jeffrey Sachs' Millennium Promise organization, Legend's group adopted Mbola, a remote village in Tanzania that has little access to drinking water and improved farming techniques, according to Millennium Promise. " 
Conservationists thought the Irrawaddy had dwindled in number to just a few hundred, but they have now counted almost 6,000 of them in the Sundarban mangrove forests and the adjacent waters of the Bay of Bengal. There are so many bad news (stories) coming out of the conservation community that this is a real sort of positive story," Smith said. In Bangladesh, fishermen hold them in high regard, Smith said. " 
Watch authorities discuss boy in the sand case » Though police have received numerous tips from the public, Walsh said nothing has come from them. When he was found, he was wearing Arizona brand clothing, size 3T -- nylon black running pants with red stripes, a red shirt with a monster truck on it and black, gray and lime green Skechers sneakers. On Tuesday, police still had no answers as to what happened at Alvarado Park -- or even who the boy was. 
The Secretary General says the Organization is prepared to trim more production if demand continues to fall and urges Non-OPEC producers to do the same. Or will they hit the wrong note amidst the global downturn? Can they succeed? 
It'll cost you one euro and the first 30 minutes of every journey for the next 24 hours is free. Head north to have your own images sketched by street artists in Montmartre, a former stomping ground for famous names including Salvador Dali, Claude Monet, Pablo Picasso and Vincent van Gogh. Discover your inner intellectual over a coffee or dinner at Les Deux Magots, a former meeting place for Paris' great literary minds including Simone de Beauvoir and Jean-Paul Sartre. 
There are other risks too, according to Herish Mohammed, Head of the Board of Investment of the Kurdish Controlled Region -- an ancient banking system, lack of insurance policies and corruption. But as one American entrepreneur put it -- it's not just about the money, it's about the adventure. As the world witnesses an unprecedented economic downturn, Emirates has embarked on a $4 billion expansion plan. 
The leader of Lebanon's majority party talks to MME about the credit crisis, its impact on remittances, and how he believes peace in the Middle East is the only way to bring political and economic stability to his country. In the long run, could this search for food security also develop sustainable agricultural businesses and local jobs in the process? It has prompted the likes of Saudi Arabia and Qatar to use their petro-dollars to buy farmland in Africa and Asia to feed their people. 
Watch the show this week at the times (GMT) below: Friday: 0915, 1945 Saturday: 0645 Sunday: 0815 Or is OPEC trying to protect the cost of future investments? So what's behind the supply cuts? 
CNN estimated turnout to be between 325,000 and 425,000. " When the voting concludes on Tuesday, neither Sen. Obama nor I will have the number of delegates to be the nominee," she said in San Juan, Puerto Rico. " If not Tuesday, I think it will be fairly soon," he said Sunday on ABC's "This Week." " 
Dozens of demonstrators gathered in downtown Oakland to protest the release of Johannes Mehserle, 27, charged with killing an unarmed man on New Year's Day. iReport.com: Watch the protest The former Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer's release funds came from unknown sources, Alameda officials told CNN. CNN's Jackie Castillo contributed to this report. 
Many of the clothes, cooking aprons and even stainless steel food trays offered in the Berlin store were either designed or manufactured in jails, but not just German ones. Inmates design and produce the Haeftling range. A small text inside the item lays out the prisoners story, including the name, where he is in jail and how long the term will be. 
Obama is expected to pick up at least 14 delegates in Kentucky, and by CNN estimates, that will give him 1,627 of the 3,253 pledged delegates at stake in all of primaries and caucuses. For Clinton to claim such a lead, primary states but not caucus states -- which Obama mostly won -- would only be counted, plus the popular vote totals in Florida and Michigan. Watch how Clinton's win could affect the race » Two-thirds of Clinton's supporters there said they would vote Republican or not vote at all rather than for Obama, according to the polls. 
As President Obama approaches day 100 of his administration, some in Washington caution that the torture tug-of-war could be a costly distraction. Two weeks before Obama released any memos, Cheney submitted a request to the National Archives calling for the release of other documents. Now, the White House is reviewing former Vice President Dick Cheney's request to make more memos public. 
From here you'll be able to see the Vatican, Borghese Gardens, Pantheon, Colosseum, Castel Sant'Angelo and Campidolgio, all come to light in one breathtaking cityscape. Spend the rest of the morning exploring St. Peter's Basilica and the Vatican Museums. Proceed from the Campo through the ruins of the Roman Forum, past the spot where Julius Caesar was slain, toward the Pantheon. 
For serious laps, try the North Sydney Olympic Pool (next to the Sydney Harbour Bridge) or for a lazier affair have a massage at Wylies Bath in Coogee. It was opened by Japanese-born Tetsuya Wakuda in 1989 and was lauded in a recent review as "magical dining." Sunsail invites everyone for a "fun blast" around the harbor every Wednesday evening from 5:30pm to 8:30pm. 
If you have a design idea that can improve the lives of a million people it's almost ethically irresponsible to keep to it yourself." You don't just put up some nice big rendering and tell them this is what you might have and do a Q&A. Doing workshops within the community and having them design these quiet moments of innovation within the larger developments, not only allows an empowerment of that community, but also ownership." " When your focus is social change... why wouldn't you want to share that openly?' 
Then one day about seven years ago, she couldn't stop coughing during a water aerobics class. High blood pressure is truly a silent killer. That's the only way you're going to know you have it." 
Teratomas occur most often in the midline of the brain, therefore often obstructing and putting pressure on critical areas of the brain. Teratomas have been the subject of intense fascination among scientists because of their sometimes strange qualities -- some have been reported to contain hair, teeth, bone and, very rarely, more complex organs such as eyeballs. This can lead to loss of basic functions, but this loss can be temporary -- until the tumor is removed or reduced in size. • 
The World Health Organization reports 41 suspected cases of the deadly fever in Congo since November 27. Thirteen people have died, and 183 cases are under observation. The outbreak is centered in the western Kassi province of the Democratic Republic of Congo, which has been reporting intermittent cases of the disease since 1976, according to Angop. 
Under the current laws, Purdy says, it is not clear at which point her husband would be breaking the law if he helped her to travel to an assisted suicide clinic. Dignity in Dying has said it is important for the British government to distinguish between people who maliciously encourage suicide and those who accompany a loved one abroad to die. To date, no one who has accompanied a loved one to the Swiss clinic Dignitas has been prosecuted, but they have been questioned by police and threatened with prosecution, according to Dignity in Dying. " 
The New York Times reported Monday that Georgia agriculture inspection reports from 2006 and 2007 depicted a series of sanitation lapses in the Blakely plant. Citing an inspection report from August 23, 2007, the Times noted at least three incidences in which "food-contact surfaces" were "not properly cleaned and sanitized." In the October 23, 2008 report, an inspector said she found "mildew and possibly some static dust on ceiling of butter storage room." 
Although he shows enthusiasm for the battery project, Gambarota, who now spends much of his time developing micro wind turbines, is sceptical about the future of human-power on a mass-scale. Beyond all of this, further concepts have been developed for human-powered 'river gyms' for the waterways of New York. Portland's 'green' gym will have spinning bikes connected to wind-generator motors. 
Hong Kong's Center for Food Safety said it will continue to test dairy products and other products with dairy ingredients. The toxic chemical is used to bolster apparent protein levels in diluted or poor-quality milk. The melamine levels in the samples of Dairy Milk Cookies Chocolate were 6.9 ppm -- more than twice as high as the legal limit of melamine. 
American Airlines spokesman John Hotard said there was evidence of smoke in the cabin, but he could not say if it was visible or just an odor. Flight 31 was headed from Los Angeles to Honolulu, Hawaii. When it landed, the pilot ordered an emergency evacuation. 
This changes the cure rate from 5 percent to 60 percent. 2007 -- The FDA approves Nexavar, an oral inhibitor for liver cancer. 1900 --Thor Stenbeck cures a patient with skin cancer using small doses of daily radiation therapy. 
Iraqi Security Forces captured 66 people believed to be connected to al Qaeda in Iraq terror cells, the U.S. military said Thursday. These operations show the ability of Iraqi Security Forces to repeatedly capture criminals who undermine the security of Iraq," said Lt. Col. 
The government said it plans to offer Viagra, Levitra or Cialis -- medication used to treat erectile dysfunction -- under adequate medical supervision. Everyone has the right to be happy," said Marcelo Ebrard Casaubon, governor of the federal district that encompasses the Mexican capital. " Medications such as Viagra, Levitra or Cialis reportedly will be offered under medical supervision. " 
of Columbia University's Center for Radiological Research was not involved in the current study, but he coauthored a 2007 report warning that overuse of CT scans could contribute to excess cancer risks. Caution is warranted not only due to the radiation exposure, according to Einstein, but also because the dye that must be injected into the veins to perform the test can cause kidney damage in some people. Health.com: How to help your heart for better health Overall, the danger posed by radiation is very small, according to Hausleiter. 
Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg said Friday that the 75-year-old justice is expected to be on hand for the next public session February 23, when the court will hear appeals in two cases. President Obama was hoping to speak with Ginsburg by phone later Friday, said White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs. Justice Ginsburg had no symptoms prior to the incidental discovery of the lesion during a routine annual check-up in late January at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland," the court said. 
Thanks to extensive conservation and protection efforts, however, the species is once again flourishing and has been downgraded to the "least concern" category on the IUCN's "Red List." Europe is home to a rich diversity of native mammal species ranging from the small such as shrews and voles, to the large such as wolves and brown bears. The result: an 80 percent decline in that population in the last decade alone (in 1993 the IUCN only classified it as "vulnerable"). 
Watch a 2006 report about China's first face transplant Guo Shuzhong, the face transplant doctor who handled Li's case, confirmed to CNN that he died in July of unknown causes. In the past three years, facial transplants have been completed in France and China, but these cases have raised medical and ethical questions. People with major facial disfigurements "don't come out and basically stay at home and have a huge suicide rate," Caplan said. " 
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, first lady Maria Shriver and other dignitaries greeted Sullenberger at the state Capitol rotunda in Sacramento. Sullenberger's response was understated -- as it has been at other ceremonies, including a New York City Hall event when he was given the key to the city by Mayor Michael Bloomberg. " CNN's Scott Thompson contributed to this report. 
I was told I needed to come to the U.S. embassy for an interview and bring a doctor's letter stating I was fit to travel," Sseruma, HIV coordinator for charity Christian Aid, told CNN. " But the United States travel ban still remains in effect, and will continue to be the law until the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) modifies its regulations. Boorman told CNN that the bans and restrictions further the spread of the epidemic by driving the issue underground and force people to lie about their health on visa applications. 
Samimi said security guards were quickly on the scene and ordered him to stop taking pictures. I-Reporter S. Samimi was in his car on his way to work, only 100 meters from where the blast went off. At least 10 people were killed, including four children. 
Military jets pounded the rebel's "transit camp" in the district of Mullaittivu Wednesday evening, the agency said. The LTTE, or the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, are commonly known as the Tamil Tigers. In recent days, the military has made significant progress in its campaign to recapture rebel strongholds. 
The United States condemns the regime's decision to press criminal charges against ten Burmese pro-democracy activists ... for the peaceful expression of their political beliefs," the department said in a statement Tuesday. She won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991. The government admitted that its crackdown killed at least 10 people, but human rights groups said they suspect the number is much higher. 
Over the past 26 years he has painted 95 Whaling Walls. At the Georgia Aquarium, Wyland was surround by children who joined him in painting a mural that will hang inside the aquarium. " Wyland and his non-profit Wyland Foundation will visit kids at zoos, aquariums and schools showing them how they can help conserve water. 
The whole resolve of the government and the military is to once and for all finish the Taliban from the Valley of Swat," Pakistani military spokesman Maj. The number of people at the Yar Hussain displaced-persons camp in Swabi district is expected to reach 2 million, Amir Haider Hoti said. Pakistani civilians pack a bus leaving Mingora, the capital of the troubled Swat Valley. 
The number of fires burning had dropped to six, from about a peak of about three dozen, the Country Fire Authority said. He was charged with arson causing death, intentionally or recklessly lighting a bush fire, and possessing child pornography, Victoria state police said last week. Watch more on arrest » Robbie Shenton, who has joined one such group, told CNN: "The judicial system had no right to suppress his name or photograph." 
But massive popular protests after Hariri's death led to the pullout of thousands of troops that Syria maintained in Lebanon from the 1970s. The people of Lebanon must be able to choose their own representatives in open and fair elections, without the specter of violence or intimidation, and free of outside interference," Clinton said during an unannounced visit to Beirut. Many Lebanese, as well as the United States, accused Syria of orchestrating the assassination of Hariri, an outspoken opponent of Syria. 
In all, she was on a heart-lung machine for 55 minutes; the implantation of the valve took 45 minutes, he said. This valve, instead of being a soft, flexible structure that opens and closes, breaks down," he said, adding that calcium deposits cause it to stiffen, which can result in fluid in the lungs and progressive deterioration. The Bush family matriarch is the mother of former President George W. Bush and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush. 
Hyperlinked stories can offer readers easy connections to related information and even to original documents through which they can draw their own conclusions about what reporters are saying. The industry has seen other important shifts in the way that Americans receive their news, such as the advent of television news in the 1950s and 1960s. We must address the major challenges by developing sites with the resources to edit, insisting on venues where the pursuit of objectivity remains a goal, and cultivating sites that help bring together different subject matter. 
The towns of L'Aquila and the surrounding region, he said, "will come back stronger, will have more courage and give life to these places with that power and strength and dignity of the soul that distinguishes them." All of the area's cardinals and bishops, along with 100 priests, attended the special funeral Mass. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was also there, greeting and embracing some of the thousands of mourners before the service. I feel rebirth in the heart, because below that rubble there is a will to rebuild, to start again, to plan and to dream," Bertone said, offering a message of hope. 
Some of the $85 million in hurricane relief supplies given away as federal surplus will be sent back to Louisiana and given to nonprofit agencies for distribution, the state's hurricane recovery office said Tuesday. Moving forward, we have made it clear that I am to be the point of contact for FEMA when supplies for Katrina and Rita victims are set aside for our state," he said. " Rainwater said state officials "will move to quickly get these supplies in the hands of those who need them." " 
United said it estimates that the $15 fee will apply to one out of three customers, and the potential revenue from baggage handling service fees, including those for checking a first and second bag, will be approximately $275 million a year. The $15 charge will apply to customers who purchase a ticket on or after Friday for travel within the United States, and who buy on or after August 18 a ticket to or from Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The new policy applies to flights in the United States as well as flights to and from Canada, Latin America and the Caribbean. 
Al-Bashir met with Qatar's emir, Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani, after arriving in Doha, Qatar's capital. But the ICC has no arrest powers of its own, and depends on its 106 member states to take suspects into custody. The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes because of the conflict. 
File photo) In an exclusive telephone interview Friday night with CNN, Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said the Taliban intelligence wing was actively gathering information on foreign aid workers. " Hanafi described himself as a commander in the southern province of Helmand, but announced a new Taliban offensive in the north was about to begin and that he would be playing a key role there. Watch what females face in Afghanistan » The schools that did open, however, remain defiant. 
There are enough of them each year to fill 30 double-decker buses, the National Audit Office said Thursday. We have selected them as good examples of innovative approaches which have lessons for how innovation can be managed in government," the report said. It worked with suppliers and launched a competition to find the best solution. 
Several different bacteria can cause meningitis but Neisseria meningitidis -- which is to blame for the current outbreak -- is one of the most important because of its potential to cause epidemics. The outbreak began around the start of the year, Soyinka told CNN. It usually peaks in the dry season because of dust, winds and cold nights, before dipping around May when the rains come, he said. 
A large part of the appeal of "The Simpsons" comes from its ability to portray the more touching moments in family life, like Jean's favorite moment in the movie. " Groening believes that a large part of the Simpsons' success is down to the traditional animated techniques used to create it -- and that its hand-drawn charm puts the movie ahead of its CGI rivals. For example, there was this joke I once pitched and David Silverman, the director, started drawing and as I was pitching it, it went into the film and it was cut a day later. 
The FARC, the largest and oldest guerrilla group in Colombia, has been waging war against the government since the 1960s. On April 11, 2002, a 20-member commando group dressed in police and military uniforms faked a bomb alert at the parliament building in Cali, Colombia's third-largest city. The guerrillas, who belong to the FARC, the Spanish acronym for Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, were captured, Uribe said. 
Police made the arrests in France right after the meeting, before the alleged local leader could return to Spain to share those details with his alleged commando cells, Rubalcaba said. Martitegi's arrest came after police trailed an alleged ETA local leader from Spain to a meeting in France with Martitegi for a two-hour training session on the use of explosives and weapons, Rubalcaba said. Given the heavy police crackdown, Rubalcaba said investigators have noted some internal discussion among ETA members about whether they should continue their armed fight or try for a negotiated end to the violence. 
Elizabeth Shumway of Geneva, New York, envisions the Obamas having a fluffy Bernese Mountain Dog. After selecting a chief of staff, President-elect Barack Obama quickly turned to the more pressing issue of finding the perfect puppy for his girls, Sasha and Malia. " They would be ideal for the sweet little Obama girls because they would be like having their stuffed animals come alive for play," she wrote in her iReport. 
Francis Scott Key wrote the words to the U.S. national anthem, the Star-Spangled Banner, after witnessing a battle during the War of 1812. END VIDEO CLIP) No Girls Allowed AZUZ: The next question today is, are girls as good as boys at sports? LAURA MAZZEO, WJXT REPORTER: Twelve-year-old Alyssa Pitre is passionate about baseball PITRE: I just love the sport. 
The suit characterizes Optimum as "a defunct corporation" Jackson has used as an alter ego. The show, which Jackson is to be involved with, also is to include music from other Jackson albums, the company said. Word of the suit comes just after an announcement that Jackson has signed a deal to take the dancing zombie story to the Broadway stage. 
BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) RUSTY DORNIN, CNN REPORTER: It was an extended family of rescue workers from around the country who converged on Charleston to honor the nine fallen firemen, joining blood relatives, friends and the local community. Jamaican officials turned off some power grids in advance of the storm's approach and advised residents to move into shelters, and the Mexican government issued a hurricane watch for areas in Dean's projected path. We've followed it all and we're ready to get you caught up on some of the biggest headlines of the summer. ( 
The area has a heavy presence of various armed groups and Colombian military forces, and has among the worst human rights conditions in Colombia, the human rights group said. New York-based Human Rights Watch said group members have made numerous visits to Narino, which is one of Colombia's 32 departments, or states. ONIC said the FARC kidnapped 20 Awa men, women and children February 4 from the Barbacoas area in Narino. 
One scene in the movie that was the hardest for me to do was when [Matt] wakes up ... and his skin is all carved with these different incantations," she said. " Whether or not you believe it was some sort of demon or, you know, they're manifesting it -- whatever it is -- it changed their lives," Madsen said. I do have an attraction to paranormal investigation and all those kinds of shows but I'm not sure if I really believe in ghosts," she said. " 
Enter Jason Segel as Sydney Fife, whom Rudd's character, Peter Klaven, pursues on several "man-dates" that end up threatening his relationship with his fiancée (Rashida Jones). But don't call the film a "bromance" in the presence of Rudd and Segel. " Judd Apatow told me that my special skill was that I am able to maintain my likability while getting incredibly close to the creepy line, and that's what I should try to cultivate," he said. " 
Watch more on where Gitmo prisoners may go » But security experts are questioning information released by the Pentagon, saying 61 former detainees from Gitmo may have returned to terrorist activities. The president said he was issuing the order to close the facility in order to "restore the standards of due process and the core constitutional values that have made this country great even in the midst of war, even in dealing with terrorism." I don't think that it's much more than a symbolic decision," he said. " 
The day she stepped on a hospital scale and realized she weighed 440 pounds she knew she had to do something. Exercise: Nothing out of the ordinary, occasionally I'd go for a walk, but never because I felt like I had to. Diet: Weigh Down Workshop, a faith-based weight loss program. 
Morales' move comes six months after he declared U.S. Ambassador Philip Goldberg persona non grata for allegedly having encouraged anti-government demonstrators to violence. Journalist Gloria Carrasco contributed to this story from Santa Cruz, Bolivia The times of the colony will end in Latin America," Morales vowed to reporters. " 
The player arrived late on Friday evening and passed his medical test before signing his contract with the club on Saturday morning, all three parties involved are in agreement," said Olivier Blanc, communications director of the French club. The 29-year-old Italian will be present at a ceremony at Lyon's Town Hall to launch the French champions 2007-08 season. Grosso will be the third Italian to play for the club since it was founded, following Orenzo Dito and Aridex Caligaris in the 1950s. 
Bouey: I feel that America has come a long way. Bouey: I was born in Philadelphia and moved to Arkansas at the age of 1. Residents at various Brookdale Senior Living communities nationwide shared their experiences and submitted their wishes as part of the contest. 
Through education at key points of community influence and the measured introduction of new technologies that encourage responsibility over simply charity, the Team will use its time in Hubli to affect change that is both scalable and sustainable. Families must be aware that the water they are provided is harmful to their health and provides a catalyst for breeding mosquitoes carrying malaria and other transferable diseases. It now introduces the Water and Health Team. 
But it's still easier for Washington to imagine that they can manage Chrysler and GM back onto the road to viability than that anything short of massive infusions of vaguely traceable capital will unfreeze the credit markets and restore financial stability. If you think keeping the automakers afloat for another few years is expensive, you won't believe how much it would cost to let them fail. Of course, even Wagoner's worst case scenario is a pittance compared to the more than $600 billion that will eventually flow to Wall Street through the Troubled Assets Relief Program (TARP). 
But the government is already big enough, powerful enough and bipartisan enough (and "bi" means exactly two and no more) that Ron and/or Bob won't even be in the debates. Our first seven presidents averaged a bit more than three public speeches a year, and they didn't promise jobs for everyone, day care, dental exams and free stuff. They all seem to think we need to get a smarter guy in the White House fast, and Bush is so stupid, that task shouldn't be too hard. 
In a nation notorious for violence rooted in social inequality, the democracy of the Web -- not unlike radio -- is a welcome new medium of communication. " Like many online music sites, RadarCultura is always looking for new music and emerging talents, but its primary focus is to preserve the memory of the Brazilian repertoire by resurfacing classic, forgotten or unknown songs. Our non-stop production team listened to every recording as they arrived and not only immediately published them online but geo-localized them on an interactive map of São Paulo. " 
Brittany Zimmerman, a 21-year-old college student who wanted to be a doctor, called 911 as she was being attacked by a stranger, police say. Dane County has taken some harsh criticism from the public regarding the delay, and tough questions have been raised about whether a prompt response might have saved Zimmerman's life. We are working diligently on this case, have generated significant leads, and are making progress," said Joel De Spain of the Madison Police Department. 
Meanwhile, an Iraqi Ministry of Information spokesman said Thursday that Iraq has entered into a "substantial" deal with China to purchase weapons and light military equipment for its police forces, because the Asian nation promised the fastest delivery. The case involved allegations that Marines killed up to two dozen Iraqi civilians in the town of Haditha, Iraq, in November 2005. The man is also accused of purchasing some of the explosives and weapons used in the 2006 attack on Samarra's al-Askariya mosque, also known as the Golden Mosque, and a second attack on it in 2007. 
Baraz is writing a book about Awakening Joy and the people who now routinely roll up the windows in their cars so they can sing as loudly as they want to. " There are also guided meditations, including instructions on how to be mindful --being present for whatever you're doing and, as Baraz says, "simply being aware of what is happening right now without wishing it were different." She heard about Awakening Joy after taking Baraz's meditation classes at Spirit Rock. " 
Casey Anthony faces charges including first-degree murder in Caylee's disappearance. Asked Friday how Casey Anthony responded to the news her daughter's remains may have been found, lawyer Jose Baez said, "It's not something that someone takes well." Casey Anthony's trial, originally set for January, has been postponed until at least March. 
I think these are stateless actors who have been operating all throughout the region," Zardari said on CNN's "Larry King Live" in an interview set to air Tuesday night. " The list reportedly includes Hafiz Mohammed, the head of Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, a now-banned Islamic militant group that denied last week that it was involved in the Mumbai attack. It renewed a demand that Pakistan hand over a group of militant leaders whose extradition it has sought since a 2001 attack on India's Parliament that brought the South Asian nuclear rivals to the brink of war. " 
The fact most sunscreens still don't don't offer UVA protection and the fact the FDA has been working for years to finalize its rules is really what provoked us to look at this issue," Lunder said. Dermatologists say that an ounce of sunscreen should be applied to all exposed areas 30 minutes before going outside and should be reapplied every two hours, or immediately if you swim or sweat. The FDA acknowledges that new rules mandating UVA testing and labeling requirements are being evaluated, but the Environmental Working Group wants tougher standards now. " 
The works caught a linguistic rhythm -- the legendary "Pinter pause" -- and an air of social unease that resonated throughout the English-speaking world and in myriad translations. Pinter also wrote the screenplay for his 1978 play "Betrayal," the story of a doomed love affair told backward, which was made into a 1983 film with Ben Kingsley, Jeremy Irons and Patricia Hodge. In 1948 he was accepted into the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts, then as now one of Great Britain's most renowned drama schools. 
The TC community deplores these hateful acts, which violate every Teachers College and societal norm," said an e-mail Wednesday to faculty and students from the college's president, Susan Fuhrman; and dean, Tom James. The fourth, a former professor who is an African-American, was sent a manila envelope containing an image of a noose, according to NYPD deputy commissioner Paul Browne. Three professors received manila envelopes Tuesday with images of swastikas in them. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, told CNN, "It always happens that eventually, sooner or later, the [flu] virus will develop varying degrees of resistance. While H5N1 doesn't make headlines the way it did in 2005, health officials say the continuing severity of the infections means the alarm is still on. China's Ministry of Health reported eight human cases last month, including four deaths. 
In early 2006, immigration officials raided 45 IFCO sites, arresting almost 1,200 low-level workers. Federal officials said Friday that IFCO "acknowledges and accepts responsibility for the unlawful conduct of its managers and employees." But it also allows the corporation to continue its operations, so that its lawful employees and innocent shareholders do not suffer the consequences of a business failure in this economy." 
AnneMarie Mathews said the ship left Miami on Sunday on a seven-day western Caribbean cruise. The Mexican government was aiding the search with a helicopter crew and three water- and ground-surface crews. Lt. 
Italian media have cited statistics saying that Naples produces 1.6 million tons of garbage a year, and that the government has spent 1.8 billion euros ($2.7 billion) over the past 14 years to deal with the problem. Forty dumping sites have operated in the Campania region over the past 30 years, but most have been closed for various reasons, including criminal investigations related to the Camorra. Problems with Naples' garbage have been around in some form for 14 years, when Italian authorities first declared the situation an emergency. 
It was not until 1994 when he made "Rumble in the Bronx," which grossed $10 million in its opening weekend and made it to number one at the U.S. box office, that Chan finally cracked Hollywood. Chan has certainly come a long way from his impoverished childhood in Hong Kong, where the story has it that his parents were so poor, they nearly sold him to a British doctor for less than $100. He created a new film art form, mixing humor with martial arts," Witterstaetter said. " 
During his time with the RAF, William learned to fly three different aircraft: a Grob 115E light aircraft, the faster Tucano T1 plane, and a Squirrel helicopter. Watch William being presented with his wings » William, 25, is already a second lieutenant in the British Army, where he serves in the Household Cavalry (Blues and Royals). Prince William while attending Remembrance Sunday ceremonies last November in London. 
The second assailant proceeded to "savagely beat Jose about his ribs, shoulders," head and back with an aluminum bat, according to Kelly. They interviewed bridge toll booth employees and combed through videotape of cars passing through cash-only lanes on the bridge. Jose Sucuzhanay was beaten after leaving a party at a church. 
After the death of Gollan, local Antigua politicians and yacht industry representatives held an emergency meeting to discuss the problem. Meanwhile, luxury yacht staff who are remaining in the Caribbean have been urged by industry Web site yotcru.com to "exercise vigilant personal safety at all times." Last week, U.S. luxury yacht chef Sara Kuszak, of Savannah, Georgia, was killed after being abducted during a morning run in Puerto Rico. 
We believe Levy was a random victim of Guandique, who attacked and killed her as she jogged in Rock Creek Park," said Jeffrey Taylor, U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia. And another witness last month told police Guandique admitted his involvement in Levy's killing, as well as that he tried to rape two other women in the park at knifepoint, the affidavit said. Authorities searching Guandique's cell in California in September found a photograph of Levy that apparently had been taken from a magazine, the affidavit said. 
Police say Tambunting -- whose job responsibilities involved monitoring the vault in which fine gold, finished products and raw materials were stored -- confessed that for several months last year, she hid gold in makeshift slits in her purse. An inventory in January revealed that as much as $12 million in merchandise was missing, Brown said in the written statement. After an investigation, Tambunting arrived at the jewelry company's offices wheeling a suitcase containing about 66 pounds of gold, an estimated $868,000, the district attorney's office said. 
The scenario as given by his partners was that after the Bernard Madoff scandal broke last fall, Montague got "cold feet" and repeatedly asked Parente for his investment money back. Baltimore County, Maryland, police say Parente, 59, killed his family before committing suicide. Investors were not given investment statements and were not charged a management fee, but Parente did provide notices informing investors that he owed them money, according to the source. 
Deputy marshals in the judicial protection effort attribute a growing number of the threats to disgruntled members of what is known as the sovereign citizenship movement. We've already had 600 inappropriate communications reported in the first months of this year," said Marshals Service spokesman Dave Turner. The number of threats has increased each year, and is expected to exceed 1,500 this year, up from 1,278 last year. " 
In a statement to CNN, Bristow said Nabulsi is using the videotape of a third party, Nabulsi's brother, to influence the court over a business dispute. " The case was filed in Houston because the Sheikh Issa-Nabulsi business partnership was formed and focused in Texas and "claims at issue in this case arose out of contacts within Texas." As the grain dealer pleads and whimpers, he is beaten with a nailed board, burned in the genitals with a cigarette lighter, shocked with a cattle prod, and led to believe he would be shot. 
Paul Goydos pulled ahead of overnight co-leader Justin Leonard to move into a three-stroke lead at the halfway point of the Valero Texas Open. But it was to be the only blemish on his card as the 2008 Players Championship runner-up knocked off six birdies for a five-under 65 to get to 12- under-par. " The American had begun the day tied on seven-under-par with former Open champion Leonard, a Texas native, who started early at the par-70, 6,896-yard Resort Course at La Cantera and followed his first-round 63 with a two-under 68 to move to nine-under. 
The refugees arrived by boat on the Thai shore, and Thai police said many had severe burns from a fire that broke out on board their craft after it left neighboring Myanmar, also known as Burma. The government denied media reports alleging that Thai authorities mistreat the illegal migrants and intentionally damage their boats. One of the refugees who came ashore Tuesday said they will be killed if returned to Myanmar because of their minority status. 
The partially burned shotgun and the stocking masks were found abandoned in a wooded area near a cemetery where Ray's mother is buried. He got little more than $200 -- enough to buy an airline ticket to Brussels, Belgium, where he hoped to join mercenaries fighting to keep white rule in southern Africa. Light told CNN the stolen bank money consisted mainly of $20 bills. 
The politically active band Rage Against the Machine, which played a free show in Denver, has scheduled a Minneapolis concert, though it's far from free: Tickets are $60 for the show at the Target Center on Wednesday. After mixing and mingling in Denver with Democrats, the nonpartisan Creative Coalition is scheduled to join the festivities in the Twin Cities. Paul to mount various forms of political theater, from creating ice sculptures to inviting the public to perform karaoke versions of convention speeches. 
I mean, I'm 20 years after diagnosis, and there's very little that I don't do now that I used to do. Larry King: He's founder of The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research. I was diagnosed in '91, and it wasn't until '98 that I admitted publicly that it was a situation I was facing. 
The criminal complaint filed in the U.S. District Court in Illinois alleges that Hussein "knowingly mailed" the letters containing HIV-infected blood "with the intent to kill or injure another." Hussein's attorney, public defender Robert J. Scherschlight, could not immediately be reached for comment. In January, a federal judge ordered a mental evaluation of Hussein, saying "there is reasonable cause to believe [Hussein] may ... be suffering from a mental disease or defect rendering him mentally incompetent [and] unable to understand the nature and consequences of the proceedings against him." 
The TSA is planning to have 600 of the machines installed at airports across the country by the end of this year and may look at changes to the 3-1-1 rule in fall 2009, White added. We are making a commitment that even during peak periods, the [security] line will not exceed 20 minutes," said Ben DeCosta, aviation general manager at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Georgia. We find bad people everyday with behavior detection officers." 
While many diabetics monitor their average blood glucose levels daily, at the doctor's office the patient receives a measurement in terms of hemoglobin A1C, Schoenfeld said. Using A1C in diagnosis would be particularly useful for determining whether patients have type 2 diabetes, which is more difficult to diagnose than type 1, said Dr. William Bornstein, assistant professor of endocrinology at Emory University, who was not part of the committee. " iReport.com: Boxing champ talks about diabetes struggle How it works Humans cannot live without having sugar called glucose in their blood. 
Carl Bernstein says Republicans returned to old themes, including patriotism, to attack Democrats. The Democrats' first response to the evening, in a statement from the Obama campaign about the GOP's failure to address economic problems in the country, said nothing -- perhaps at its peril -- about the real Republican message. Remember, only months ago, when the promise of this election was that there were two nominees who understood the enduring damage of the culture wars to the country and its political system?) 
NASA's Cassini spacecraft photographed Jupiter and its Great Red Spot, seen center near the equator, in 2000. He and fellow Berkeley researchers Philip Marcus, Imke de Pater, Michael Wong and Sushil Shetty developed software that tracked the movement of the spot's cloud patterns over long periods of time. " I mean, if you look at one of those pictures back from then and a picture now, you think, 'My God, this thing is going on a diet," Orton said. 
His failure to act prudently under the circumstances caused a major environmental disaster that could have been far worse," said Joseph Russoniello, U.S. attorney for the Northern District of California. Attorney Bornstein said the ship's master told Cota the red triangles represented the lights on the bridge, "which in Capt. Captain Cota has been vilified by the media, lost his job, will now go to jail for at least 60 days, and still suffers under the weight of crushing civil lawsuits," Bornstein said. " 
Maybe there will be a controversial goal in the Champions League final and maybe the discussion over the technology will begin again," Oliver Braun, marketing and communications director at Cairos Technologies told CNN. It was backed by the British Football Association and funded by the Premier League. Like the Hawk-Eye system it uses a computer to send a signal to the referee's watch when a goal is scored. 
He later spent two years playing in America before returning to retire at De Graafschap. But the straight-speaking Dutchman is loyal to the project he has in charge of the Russian national side and insists he will leave Chelsea at the end of the season regardless. See key moments from Hiddink's career » By 1987, at the age of 40, he was in charge of PSV and led them to their 1988 European Cup win, a feat unthinkable today. 
That's why the retired Vietnam veteran has stood outside at Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah, Georgia, for the past four years as a beacon of pride and support, welcoming home returning soldiers and wishing "Godspeed" to those deploying. " He says learned he had chemical diabetes nearly 10 years ago after he was exposed to Agent Orange during his Vietnam tours. Peters first became involved greeting flights through the Savannah Red Cross in 2004 when a friend from his fraternal Moose Lodge brought him to welcome a returning flight. 
Within a year, Schweidenback had created Pedals for Progress and shipped roughly 500 bicycles to developing countries. For Schweidenback, gathering and breaking down these bikes is a labor of love -- one that is helping to keep the bikes out of landfills and give them new life. " Dave Schweidenback saw transformative effects of bikes while in the Peace Corps in Ecuador from 1977-80. 
Grimsson promotes the intelligent use of renewable energy resources and is providing world leaders with an invaluable insight into how their own economies might make the switch to more renewable sources of energy. Since first being elected in 1996, Grimsson has been a passionate advocate of international cooperation in combating climate change. He entered Althingi, the Icelandic parliament in 1978, served as minister of finance between 1988 and 1991 and was leader of the Peoples' Alliance from 1987 to 1995. 
Anti-Smog -- a prototype of depolluting architecture and Ecomic -- an ecotower rising up from the foundations of Aztec ruins are two further examples of his eco design credentials. With high density populations living in low-lying areas -- The Netherlands, Polynesia, Bangladesh -- the ecopolis, its creator believes, could be the answer to mass human displacement that global warming is predicted to cause. Callebaut imagines his structure at 250 times the scale of a lilypad, with a skin made of polyester fibres coated in titanium dioxide which would react with ultraviolet light and absorb atmospheric pollution. 
The Jumbo Hostel is currently being refurbished and will open for business in December 2008. The idea is the brainchild of Swedish businessman and entrepreneur Oscar Dios, who has been running hostels in Uppsala, Sweden for the past five years. Dios took possession of the 1976 Boeing 747-200 -- one of 393 built by the company until 1991 -- in June 2007 and by December he had reached agreement with the airport authorities about his unique proposal. 
By the time its current owners REO bought the site a decade later another over ambitious redevelopment scheme -- which included a single table restaurant atop one of the four chimneys -- had come and gone. An Irish development company, REO is planning to spend $300 million repairing the old coal-powered station and get it working again -- this time producing energy from biofuels, waste and other renewable energy sources. This is a joke and I think it needs to be denounced for what it is -- a ludicrous and unnecessary diversion from the principal task of repairing the building." 
By the end of the debate, CNN hopes to be able to gauge which debater was the group's favorite and whose popularity fell -- and perhaps -- who may win the first-in-the-nation presidential caucuses on January 3. The group of Iowans, randomly selected by phone from a list of registered voters, will be recording their impressions of every moment of the debate. Across town, six Democratic candidates will be facing off for their final scheduled debate in the Hawkeye State before caucus night. 
Burt-Murray talked Thursday with CNN "American Morning" anchor Kiran Chetry about the interview and the Obama family. The Obamas talk about in our story how important it is for them to continue to live in their South Side Chicago neighborhood because it's a neighborhood in transition. Watch what Essence found inside the Obamas' home » Chetry: Much was made of an earlier televised interview they with their daughters and they said, looking back, they probably shouldn't have done that. 
Gates admitted moving the battle to the south will mean there is "a tough fight ahead." " The political level of the Taliban probably isn't ready to think about reconciliation or any kind of accommodation at this point," Gates said in the interview. " In recent weeks, the Pakistani government has seen the Taliban gain control on its side of the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. 
We've been on a great binge and it's come to an end and we have to live though the correction," Murdoch said. But he said the major banks could contribute to solving the crisis as well: "I do not believe for a moment that you can have a successful economy without successful and properly functioning international capital markets." CEO Murdoch said delegates needed to be "absolutely honest about where the world is at this point," warning that the consequences of $50 trillion being wiped off personal fortunes had left people feeling "depressed and traumatized." " 
The militants and the Pakistani government reached a peace deal earlier this year, which was recently signed into law by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari. The alpine region once was one of Pakistan's premier tourist destinations, boasting the nation's only ski resort until it was shut down after Taliban militants overran the area. While there are different interpretations of it, the Taliban's strict interpretation forbids women from being seen in public without their husbands and fathers, requires veils for women and beards for men, and bans music and television. 
When social workers told him about the neighborhood children who had no way to travel to and from appointments for chemotherapy, physical therapy and even for regular checkups, Jackson started driving them there himself. Watch Jackson describe the need for medical transportation in rural Alabama » Jackson never anticipated he would leave the fire department to head up a nonprofit organization. We found that there were 80,000-plus children in Alabama living in a home with no car," Jackson says. " 
This is not just a discussion about the rich, about cities or about Europe or America or even China or India, the great economic powerhouses. Doha, Qatar: A city skyline awash with cranes and towers powered by abundant oil and gas supplies. Dr Joseph Adelegan from Nigeria has seen poverty first hand in Africa where he worked closely with villagers to convert slaughterhouse waste to gas they use for cooking. 
The Great Crash and the Great Depression were two separate events. Finally, it is important to remember that psychology plays a huge role in financial markets. The Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 created the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., or FDIC, gave rise to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and separated investment banks from commercial banks. 
Clearly, the job of the next president is to rebuild the American dream and to restore American leadership in the world," President Clinton said Wednesday night. View an analysis of day 3 » Continuing criticism leveled by Clinton and other speakers this week, Biden took to the stage and delivered an assault on Republican policies. " Biden rattled off a list of McCain's positions on issues ranging from taxes to alternative energy, repeatedly saying: "That's not change -- that's more of the same." 
The epidemic comes at a time when President Robert Mugabe's government is facing its worst economic crisis, manifested in shortages of all essentials from food, fuel, cash, foreign currency and electricity and a hyperinflationary economy. Health experts have said Harare's failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals is the main driver of the disease. The sides continue to debate the sharing of key Cabinet ministries such as information, local government, finance, defense and home affairs. 
In his role as chairman of the Realtors Commercial Alliance Committee, Good commented on tough conditions last month at a business conference. Pat Gengler said authorities don't have any "concrete evidence if this had anything to do with his finances." Mr. Good is the driving force behind the expansion of the company, which has been ranked as the largest firm in the United States exclusively conducting real estate auctions." 
He's recently trained his eye on how America can reassert itself by leading the way in green technology, encapsulated in his latest book "Hot, flat and crowded." Before his current position, Friedman served in various posts at the New York Times, including chief economic correspondent, chief White House correspondent and bureau chief in Beirut and Israel. While presenting a view from the United States, Friedman is still able to do a mea culpa on America's behalf when it comes to the current economic crisis. " 
Jen Beltz, 38, and Thom Householder, 40, testify to that. He quit his 18-year career and attended the French Pastry School in Chicago. " I can't even tell you how many people have read my book and thanked me for saving them from going to culinary school," he says, "because they had no idea how hard it really is." 
The skeleton of a wooden boat found off the coast of Iwaki, Japan, that spills delicate pieces of porcelain from its hull is recreated piece by piece by the people who helped excavate it. " He and his friends always lamented about the good days and, that there's no vitality in today's art and culture. Recently exhibited at New York's Guggenheim Museum, "Inopportune: Stage One" is a set of 9 cars suspended above each other with illuminated shards shooting out. 
After weeks of tests to determine the "stage" or spread of the cancer, Shanteau's team of doctors cleared him to compete in the Beijing Olympics, which meant carefully monitoring his tumor but delaying treatment. Though admittedly a little scared, he spent the evening relaxing with his family, cooking dinner, walking the dog. He adds that although he had the "greatest excuse in the world" -- an Olympic dream -- to ignore the lump, he understood the importance of early detection. 
The best thing to do is like the case that we saw three weeks ago, when the DEA announced 750 arrests involving 250 cities between Mexico and the United States, mostly in the U.S., this huge distribution network. In an interview Wednesday on "American Morning" with CNN anchor John Roberts, former Drug Enforcement Agency special agent Robert Strang talked about the three-pronged approach needed to curb drug use in America and the need to bust distribution rings. Would you like to see them take some of that money, maybe even just a fraction of it, and throw it into prevention programs? 
In Focus: Guns in America is a series of stories by CNN photojournalists that looks at the complex views and emotions that surround this controversial subject. In one video, 32-year-old Steve Ferguson talks about a shooting in Washington that left him paralyzed, his battle to recover and his views on guns. They also meet Dale Tate, who hand-makes guns that he considers works of art, and they learn about new technology for less lethal weapons. 
Two Qassam rockets were fired Friday morning from Gaza into separate Israeli communities, the Israel Defense Forces said. Israel has tightened its restrictions on border crossings and the flow of goods into the impoverished territory, making life extremely difficult for residents. Watch what may follow the end of the truce » Israel has said a major military operation in Gaza may be unavoidable if daily rocket fire from the territory continues. 
Otis Blunt, left, and Jose Espinosa escaped from the Union County Jail Saturday night, officials say. Then they jumped a razor-wire fence onto a New Jersey transit railroad bed to freedom, police said. Except in 'The Shawshank Redemption' they had a better poster on the wall." 
Republicans did not have enough moments of questioning and reflection between 2002 and 2006, which many observers agree was not just damaging to the country but to the party as well. With his budget, Obama has highlighted two priorities from the campaign -- health care and the environment, though some will get traded away in upcoming negotiations. But Democrats will feel less comfortable having internal debates as the elections of 2010 and 2012 get closer, as the pressures of re-election intensify and as Republicans become more aggressive and more coherent in their attacks. 
Holding Eka Jaya, Nuraini leads son Ahri, 11, to the orphanage with dad Joni Lubis and brother Mohammed. " Ahri's father, Joni Lubis, collects bottles from the streets, selling them to plastic and glass factories. It's all they can hope for: that economic pressures will ease so they won't have to face such a decision again. 
The Pakistan government has been cutting deals with the different elements that were Taliban or became Taliban since 2004-2005. Pakistan could form a broad-based government of national unity and appeal for more international support in terms of encouraging financial aid and having trade restrictions lifted so they can improve the economy. The international community could help Pakistan resolve issues with India. 
Meanwhile, White House and GM sources told CNN Sunday that GM Chief Executive Rick Wagoner will resign as part of the federal government's bailout strategy for the troubled automaker. The companies and industry analysts have slashed their sales estimates for the year, and that has heightened the need for more loans to keep GM and Chrysler afloat. Chrysler asked for an additional $5 billion, and said it would need the money by the end of March to avoid running out of cash. 
Pam Sitko, the aid worker, said Nway -- like thousands of people in Myanmar -- is slowly recovering one year after Nargis demolished their country. " And her eyes are blank as she sifts through the debris of what used to be her home before Cyclone Nargis slammed into Myanmar one night and swept her parents away. Nway told Sitko that she's made "four new best friends." 
Frankly the science is screaming at us," said Sen. John Kerry, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, at Wednesday's hearing. " Obama must strike a careful balance between stimulating the economy in the coming months and investing in the long-term future of the environment, said Raj Chetty, professor of economics at the University of California, Berkeley. " Some economists question whether spending government money on new energy technologies is the best way to stimulate the economy in the short term. 
The missile is thought to have an intended range of about 4,200 miles (6,700 kilometers), which -- if true -- could give it the capability of striking Alaska or Hawaii. We again urge North Korea to maintain the agreed stance of mutual respect and to stop its verbal attacks and actions that are raising tensions on the Korean peninsula," he said. On Saturday U.S. envoy Stephen Bosworth said he wanted dialogue with North Korea, but he also spoke against North Korea's move to go forward with a launch, saying it would be "ill-advised." 
The party said it reacted to the news "with deep resentment and indignation" and wants the "severest of punishments" for the action. " What truly concerns us is the repetition of these crimes that have happened in the past when mosques were destroyed and pages of the holy Quran were torn and used for disgraceful acts by U.S. soldiers," al-Hashimi said. " Watch the U.S. military formally apologize » The sergeant has been relieved of duty as a section leader "with prejudice," officially reprimanded by his commanding general, dismissed from his regiment and redeployed -- reassigned to the United States, the U.S. military said. 
Joshua Marks, executive vice president for planning and development at U.S. business-class airline, Maxjet, says it expects to "strengthen its position at Stansted" as a result of the Open Skies agreement. " Airlines operating from other airports, in particular the new business-only players such as Eos, Silverjet and Maxje, will, however, see an opportunity to expand their own services across the Atlantic. And while they may not see a dramatic reduction in ticket prices, they can look forward to a greater choice of flights from a greater number of airlines as well as an increase in business-only services. 
Aid groups have started evacuating wounded from the Kalma camp, home to 80,000 internally displaced people in the Darfur region of western Sudan. The Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur, killing, torturing and raping residents there, according to the U.N., Western governments and human rights organizations. A spokesman for the mission, Noureddine Nezni, said Tuesday the Dutch wing of Medecins Sans Frontieres had evacuated 47 wounded people who were being treated at a nearby hospital. 
Several different bacteria can cause meningitis but Neisseria meningitidis -- which is to blame for this outbreak -- is one of the most significant because of its potential to cause epidemics. A spokesman for W.H.O. in Nigeria, Dr. Olaokun Soyinka, said Saturday that the outbreak is bigger than usual and stretches across the African meningitis belt from east- to west-sub-Saharan Africa. A shortage of vaccines means officials are relying on "effective prevention," in which they watch for outbreaks and then vaccinate people in the epicenter and surrounding areas, Soyinka told CNN. 
They are savvy enough to know that if the pope mentions condoms, it is going to be a headline," he said of the pontiff's advisers. Both religions are expanding rapidly in Africa, said Grim, a senior research fellow in religion and world affairs at the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life. Benedict drew cheers at the mass at the 40,000-seat Amadou Ahidjo Stadium when he told worshippers that God had not forgotten orphans, poor and abused children, and those "forced to join paramilitary forces," Cameroon TV reported. 
CNN's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report The charges, which were linked to a multibillion dollar arms deal in the country, were dropped after eight years of investigations. The leader of the African National Congress had been charged with more than 700 counts of corruption and fraud. 
Wintour has yet to announce any plans to retire but her advancing age -- she's 60 this year -- has stoked speculation that after more than 20 years in the role it might be time to leave. Watch Carine Roitfeld Revealed A fixture at the U.S. title since 1988, Wintour has a fearsome reputation, mostly courtesy of the 2006 film starring Meryl Streep, "The Devil Wears Prada." Roitfeld is anxious not to create any friction between her and her U.S. counterpart, telling CNN "I think Anna does a great job... I think she's a great person." 
The secretary-general expresses his deepest condolences to the families of the peacekeepers who lost their lives, and reiterates his appreciation for their service, valor and commitment to the search for peace in Darfur." The U.N. says Sudan's government is guilty of crimes against humanity and of violating international human rights laws every bit as heinous and serious they say as genocide. Sudanese officials dispute those numbers claiming only 10,000 have died -- a number they say is normal for five years of war. 
Never being able to say the word 'Mummy' again in your life sounds like a small thing. What my mother recognized then -- and what I understand now -- is that losing a close family member is one of the hardest experiences that anyone can ever endure. " I can therefore wholeheartedly relate to the Mother's Day campaign as I too have felt -- and still feel -- the emptiness on such a day as Mother's Day." 
In her commentary, Granholm referred to President Barack Obama's plan, announced in February, to direct $2 billion from the economic stimulus package into technology aimed at putting 1 million American-made, plug-in hybrid vehicles on the road by 2015. Gov. Granholm is doing exactly what we all hope our elected officials will do -- she is supporting partnerships and growth in critical economic areas," Sastry said. " Ann Marie Sastry, director of the energy systems engineering program at the University of Michigan, said the industry will have to take risks and government support will be essential. " 
Ghobadi won the 2000 Golden Camera award at the Cannes festival for his feature film, "A Time for Drunken Horses." After Saberi was convicted last weekend and sentenced to an eight-year prison sentence, he said he felt he had to do something. From the other side of the ocean, the Americans have protested against her imprisonment, because she is an American citizen," he writes. " 
Subway Tokyo has an incredibly efficient subway, but the 13 lines are run by two different companies, Toei Subways and Tokyo Metro, meaning a bewildering variety of day passes are available. Don't make the novice's error of trying to open or close the door -- your white-gloved driver will do that from the front seat. Send us your suggestions in the "Sound Off" box below and we'll print the best. 
Nitrofuran, malachite green, and gentian violet have been shown to cause cancer in laboratory animals. We're not asking for this product to be withdrawn from the market or for people to take this out of their freezers and throw it away," Acheson said. " China is the world's largest producer of farmed fish, accounting for 70 percent of the total produced, he said. 
Perhaps the inevitability of another catastrophic earthquake accounts for the lack of emotional attachment to the city's architecture; buildings are continuously being pulled down and replaced, creating the sensation that Tokyo's skyline is a permanent work in progress. At first glance, Tokyoites may seem sober and industrious, efficiently going about the business of making their city a world capital of techno commerce, but shops filled with manga comics and anime DVDs hint at a desire to escape the obligations of real life. In the 20th century alone Tokyo suffered earthquakes, fires and devastating bombing. 
Woman's Hospital started receiving phone calls Wednesday from coastal-area hospitals inquiring whether there was room in their NICU, spokeswoman Jodi Conachen said. As coastal hospitals prepared for Gustav, tiny babies in the Newborn Intensive Care Units were among the first to be evacuated. " The secretary of the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals said each hospital is responsible for evacuating its own patients, adding that Touro asked for assistance Sunday morning, days after other hospitals had asked for help. " 
He said 80 "terrorists" were killed Tuesday night in "intense fighting" in the town of Sultanwas, located in Buner district. On Tuesday, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced $110 million in humanitarian aid for Pakistani refugees. Mardan is a main transit point for the large numbers of Pakistanis fleeing the Swat Valley, the site of fierce fighting between Taliban militants and Pakistani soldiers. 
Rick Warren: A lot of people are really hurting because of the economy and because of the fears about what's going to happen, and really those same problems are the problems that Mary and Joseph went through. We tend to overportray them whether it's Sarah Palin or Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama or John McCain. You also write in the book, remember that God loves you, but for somebody who is facing foreclosure -- let's say you lost a loved one or your job or dealing with an illness -- it can sound pat in a way. 
Our children lead a dog's life," Rubina's mother said, pointing out garbage everywhere, the open drains and the lack of education opportunities. It's where they've grown up, and it's where they will return at the end of their Hollywood dream trip. By that time, it was late morning in the children's home city of Mumbai, where family, friends and many fellow residents of the slum watched the results from Hollywood. 
The vast and predominantly Sunni Arab Anbar province was a battleground between the U.S. military and al Qaeda in Iraq during the earlier years of the Iraq war. Their charred bodies were left dangling from a bridge over the Euphrates River in spring 2004. Al Qaeda in Iraq's strongest presence in the country is now in the Mosul area, in Nineveh province, north of Baghdad. 
People in Singapore queue outside the office of AIA, a subsidiary of AIG. AIA tried to allay investors concerns in a statement distributed outside the Singapore office and posted on the company's Web site. " Such a move almost certainly would have further roiled world markets already reeling from the bankruptcy filling of Lehman Brothers and the sale of Merrill Lynch to Bank of America. 
The editorial was hardly full of praise for McCain, despite calling him a "genuine war hero" and a "staunch advocate of campaign finance reform." " Mrs. Clinton has more than cleared that bar, using her years in the Senate well to immerse herself in national security issues, and has won the respect of world leaders and many in the American military." John McCain, left, and Rudy Giuliani took part in a debate in Florida on Thursday. 
There's nothing you can honestly say you can't do anymore; it just changes your perception as far as what you think is possible in this country." Like Tarver and Sutton, Jackson said he believes Obama shattered the ceiling for black men and women. The media reinforce the erroneous notion that successful black men exist only in the realms of hip hop, football and basketball, Tarver said. 
A Taliban leader has instructed fighters in Afghanistan to target U.S. and other coalition troops in response to the United States sending more troops into the war. The Taliban extremists are promising to bring more death and destruction to Afghanistan and limit the freedom of movement of all Afghans," Julian said. " Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid confirmed to CNN that the statement came from Birather. 
To borrow from Henry Ford, consumers can pick any color car they want, as long as it is green. How are you going to coordinate the sophisticated relationships, the subtle interests and ever-changing needs of millions of American consumers? Alex Castellanos says stimulus bill is a cover for a bold plan for government to rule key parts of private sector. 
The same leadership has been unable to convince Israel to remove few of the hundreds of roadblocks and checkpoints that make travelling around the West Bank a test of patience and endurance. The bedrock of Israeli antipathy toward the Palestinians is part of the reason for the growing strength of the Israel Beiteinu (Israel is Our Home) Party, led by Avigdor Leiberman. Leiberman has focused much of his fire on Palestinian Knesset members such as Ahmed Tibi, accusing him and others of sympathising with Israel's enemies, Hamas and Hizballah. 
In a speech Thursday, Obama said it was imperative that Congress move quickly to pass the stimulus package once he takes office, warning that a failure to do so would have devastating long-term consequences to the nation's economy. " CNN's Deirdre Walsh, Dana Bash and Ted Barrett contributed to this report. We have an example from the first stimulus that indicates just giving people $500 to $600, while certainly welcome when there's this much economic hurt, may not be the best use of stimulus," Wyden said. 
Yet Matheson says there is an ominous feature to the current situation: The Federal Reserve has already lowered interest rates as far as they can go, to around zero percent, but the recession marches on. Why this economic period is still frightening Victor Matheson, an economist at the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts, says the nation's most recent recession was the dot-com bust, which hit around March of 2001. " The historian says the economic panic of 1873 started with the same toxic mix as today's crisis: risky mortgages, a stock market dive and the use of complex financial instruments that few understood. " 
We're going to do everything we can to make him better," he told Youssif's parents. Youssif faces eight to 10 operations, possibly more, over the next six to eight months. A day earlier, the badly burned 5-year-old Iraqi boy had boarded a plane in Amman, Jordan, with his family, their first trip on an airplane. 
Fatima Bhutto said she's a political person and does campaign for a splinter group of the Pakistan Peoples Party. In 1996, Fatima Bhutto's father, Murtaza Bhutto, was gunned down by Pakistani security forces in front of the family compound. And I'm not interested in perpetuating a really ineffectual form of politics simply because of my name." 
The couple has been dogged by persistent rumors of infidelities, which Cecilia Sarkozy seemed to confirm in her newspaper interview. Cecilia Sarkozy was a smiling figure at her husband's inauguration in May as she stood with the couple's five children. Explaining the events that led to the couple separating in 2005, she said: "Two years ago an event happened of which unfortunately the whole of France is aware. 
Li said he lives the divide in this country every day as a committed Republican and McCain voter in a state that went for Obama. I don't want to have to mortgage my kids' future to get us out of the things we're doing today," he said. Hao Li, a student at the University of Southern California, said he wasn't Bush's biggest fan but thought the former president did "the right thing." 
The Fullerton, California, resident says the September 11 attacks profoundly changed the way people perceived Bush. iReport.com: Quotes and commentary Deol said he thinks Bush should take time out to help the veterans of the war he helped create. He watched the final presidential news conference and said he thinks Bush should have better addressed the hardships faced by residents who were affected by Hurricane Katrina. " 
They get more excited than he does when he learns a new word in English, and they brag about it for hours," the mother of a classmate says. He always finishes with an accomplished sigh, wide eyes and a smile so big, it's as if he is making up for the 10 months he was not able to smile. Youssif began attending an American school just last month, one year to the day after he was so savagely attacked in Baghdad. 
Boyle's labors were recognized by the Academy, handing him the Director award, which he can add to the BAFTA he won for debut feature "Shallow Grave" in 1995. " But I've also heard from some people that I'd worked with years ago that I'd burned bridges with that have come around. " But most eyes were on the actress to see if there would be a repeat performance of the breathlessly incoherent acceptance speech she made at the Golden Globes last month after winning two awards. " 
Together they won two Champions League titles, the Club World Cup, two European Super Cups, the Coppa Italia and Italian Supercoppa. Seedorf played for six-and-a half years under Ancelotti at Milan. After that I have a whole lifetime ahead of me to do good." 
Somehow the French have figured a way to export dairy products to people who already have cows and their own dairy industries-- to the tune of nearly €4 billion ($6 billion) per year. Jachnik must be doing a good job as it's not just abroad that the French are selling more milk products-- cheese consumption in France has doubled from 12 to 24 kilos per person per year. When you are French and you demonstrate that being French you can listen to others, people are interested in knowing about this country, about its people, about the way of life here." 
In 2000 Eastwood co-starred in the box-office hit "Space Cowboys." For each of these films he was awarded both Best Director and Best Picture Oscars, as well as being nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role. Eastwood got his break in 1959, landing the role of Rowdy Yates in the television series "Rawhide." 
Mindful that a narrative so complex could never work as a movie, Snyder has jettisoned several parallel subplots, which will surface as DVD extras and in director's cuts. On film it became a melodramatic pad around Victorian London, gamely carried by a pre-"Pirates" Johnny Depp. Perfect fodder, one might think, for the multiplex -- but "Watchmen" has been lodged in Development Hell for the best part of two decades. 
The students are planning to take the boat to a robotic sailing regatta in July, before launching it into the Microtransat Transatlantic challenge in early September. Erckens said the team is positive that the carbon-fibre boat will survive the rough Atlantic seas -- an issue that has stopped many manned crossings before -- including Richard Branson's attempt at the fastest transatlantic crossing aboard the 99-foot Virgin Money last fall. " Erckens said the idea could one day offer a new autopilot option for large yachts. " 
See an interactive map of 2009 pirate attacks off the Horn of Africa » Experts say that means addressing the anarchy ashore which allows the pirates to operate. It led a humanitarian mission to oversee the delivery of food aid that turned into an armed operation against local warlords. The Obama administration is already managing wars in two countries. 
Having heard of Ms. Cole's need for a kidney, the family asked that one of their loved one's kidneys be transplanted to Ms. Cole if they were a match," Mone said. Cole said her kidney troubles date to February 2008 when she was diagnosed with Hepatitis C. Cole said she attributes the Hepatitis C to her well-publicized struggles to stop using cocaine and heroin. I'm on a very long list, which is why we are looking to donors," said Cole, the daughter of legendary crooner Nat King Cole. 
The fight over Souter's seat could be just the opening act to perhaps two more high court vacancies under Obama. The nominee would give President Obama an immediate opportunity to place his stamp on the nation's highest court, and perhaps to begin cementing his legacy with a lifetime appointment to that bench. But conservative legal blogs in recent weeks have been sharply questioning her judicial philosophy, perhaps anticipating a high court vacancy. 
Asked where he would be Saturday -- when Obama is reportedly scheduled to hold a campaign event in Springfield, Illinois, that may feature his new running mate -- Biden replied, "here," pointing to his driveway. Although the focus in recent days has been on Bayh, Biden and Kaine, there are quite a few other serious contenders, and a curveball pick could always be in the works. The pair will host an invitation-only town hall meeting Thursday in Chesterfield County, a suburb of Richmond. 
Walking through a maze of narrow streets south of Tiananmen Square, Nick Frisch appeared unfazed by the sight of drastic changes -- traditional courtyard houses that once lined up these hutongs, or alleys, now in different stages of being knocked down. Moving sandbags and unchaining doors, he explored the off-limit area and found rooms with bunk beds and decayed cardboard boxes of water purifiers. " This place is a vast network of tunnels built beneath Beijing's city center during the 1970s in anticipation of a nuclear war with the Soviets. 
Post your comments in the Sound Off box below, and we'll publish the best. They say that the limitless resources held by the stars will help humanity seek a bold new future. But some say that we should fix Earth's problems, especially the challenge of global warming, before we set our eyes on the stars. 
A human being that has certain propensities for quarrelling, filled with imagination and with appetite for the new and with respect for the old -- somebody who takes good care of things and of people. We are definitely some kind of place where culture is being deposited over and over and over again, but it also springs from here. Connie Nielsen: I think so -- I think we're an idealistic people. 
The indictment is the result of an investigation into an August 18, 2007, blaze that consumed nine floors of the Deutsche Bank building. Our goal is to put in place procedures which will prevent a disaster of the magnitude of the Deutsche Bank fire and to make sure that firefighters are never again exposed to the risks they faced in that fire," Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau said. The indictments against the John Galt Corp., Jeffrey Melofchik, Mitchel Alvo and Salvatore DePaola also allege negligent homicide and reckless endangerment. 
She also appeared as a consultant in the apocalyptic environmental documentary "11th Hour," produced by Leonardo DiCaprio last year. Janine Benyus When self-confessed "nature nerd" Janine Benyus coined the term "biomimicry" in a book she published a decade ago, little did she know it would make her into an household name, rubbing shoulders with Hollywood stars. Before Janine wrote her book, there wasn't even a word to describe the work of a few scattered scientists looking for inspiration through nature in different corners of the world. 
We go to the Western Ghats, which is a mountain range that runs parallel to the coast, barely a two-hour drive from where I live. " It's the "native" bazaar area that sprang up outside the old British fort. Within the city there are little enclaves of peace -- even in Bhuleshwar market there are temple complexes where there's a surprising silence compared to the bustle of the streets. 
Next, prosecutors said, the group targeted Ronald Forte, a man they mistakenly believed to be African-American who was walking along Blackford Avenue in predominantly African-American Port Richmond. Violence and intimidation aimed at interfering with the constitutional rights of every citizen, including the right to vote, will not be tolerated," he said in a written statement. -- Three Staten Island men are charged with violating voting rights, accused of assaulting African-Americans after Barack Obama's win in the November presidential election, authorities said Wednesday. 
If this money were to be added to the $50 billion promised by G8, the Group of Eight leading industrialized nations, in Gleneagles in 2005, it would have a huge impact on health and education, particularly in Africa. And in the meantime, people like Mohga Kamal-Yanni will continue their work to pressure governments to encourage positive change. Governments are unable to give healthcare workers with job security and doctors and nurses, where they do exist, are largely poorly paid: so people choose other careers. " 
As the son of Botswana's most popular former president, political analysts inside the country have expected Khama to unite the factions in the ruling Botswana Democratic Party (BDP) and continue steady economic and political progress. While Khama has only been in power for 11 months, there has been some criticism that his style is too authoritarian. But there are still large problem facing the country, including the world's second high level of HIV infections, according to the World Bank, and a slowing of the countries economic growth. 
The APP reported that the blast was caused by a suicide bomber inside the mosque, as people were gathering for religious observances of Eid al-Adha, the Muslim celebration of the Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca in Saudi Arabia. " We were saying prayers when this huge explosion occurred," said Shaukat Ali, a 26-year-old survivor of the blast whose white cloak and pants were torn and spattered with blood, an AP report said. The blast left blood-stained clothes, hats and shoes as well as body parts and pieces of flesh scattered across the mosque, according to reports. 
According to the plea agreement, Sligar, a 14-year Bureau of Prisons veteran, said she and inmate Eric McClain met in February 2007, when he was assigned to clean her office. " She was indicted in July by a federal grand jury in Denver and pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court in October. Janine Sligar, 47, of Wray, Colorado, was sentenced Thursday for sexual abuse of a ward. 
And you have to continue to prepare yourself, continue to build yourself, continue to elevate yourself and be a benefit, be a blessing rather than a curse, and things will get better. Maya Angelou: What I've encouraged voters to do is to vote for the person I am extolling, and also don't expect that if your man or woman gets in, that all things will be rectified immediately. Angelou: There was an African-American poet, her name was Anne Spencer; she wrote a poem called "Letter to My Sister," around the turn of the 20th Century. ... 
Mike Mette, a Chicago police officer, says he acted in self-defense when he punched Jake Gotthard, a student at the University of Dubuque. In a reply, a columnist for the Dubuque Telegraph Herald wrote that Kass is a "legendary muckraker" who is "training his scorn" on Ackley, the judge. But what's happening to him isn't about Iowa baseball mythology. 
Khristine Eroshevich and Sandeep Kapoor were charged in California with several felonies, including conspiring to furnish controlled substances, unlawfully prescribing a controlled substance and obtaining fraudulent prescriptions from June 2004 through January 2007 -- only weeks before Smith's death. These cocktails of methadone and anti-depressants and sleeping pills and Xanax, you put all that into a cocktail, it explodes and can cause death, injury and permanent morbidity and disability." Officials said both prescription and over-the-counter drugs were found in Smith's system, including three anti-depressant or anti-anxiety drugs. 
The woman was meeting with a man -- described by the woman's attorney as a former friend from whom she was retrieving a photograph -- when they both were abducted last March. We want to highlight the rape crimes in Saudi Arabia and the way they are handled and sentenced in court," he added. " Seven men, convicted of abducting the pair and raping her, were sentenced from two to nine years in prison. 
The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Monday shows McCain and Obama tied at 48 percent. They're hoping the state's landscape will help them take its 11 electoral votes. Also, 37 percent of Missourians are evangelical Christians, according to the Pew Forum. 
Sunni sheik lists grievances against al Qaeda » The U.S. military calls the men concerned local citizens. " Killing people, stealing goats, everything, you name it," said Sheik Hamid Karbouli, when asked why he and his men now oppose al Qaeda. And that's because they have pointed out to us these people within their own ranks," Kershaw said. 
What about the wide array of distractions on offer in the West such as video games and television, not to mention the low regard many young people have for the world of classical music, which is still considered stuffy and uncool? Organizers are modeling the plan on a hugely successful scheme already in place in Venezuela that gives free instruments and training to children from poor and vulnerable backgrounds. However for Lloyd Webber, who has worked with a range of top musicians from Yehudi Menuhin to Elton John, the purpose of the UK project is not to create a new batch of professional musicians. " 
This is Queen Rania's second award in as many months. Thousands of CNN Web site users voted to award her the honor for her matchless energy working with Jordan's young people, ahead of luminaries such as peace advocate Kofi Annan, activist Wangari Maathai and environmentalist James Lovelock. She first entered the international spotlight 15 years ago after marrying Abdullah II bin al-Hussein, the then future king of Jordan. 
The January-March quarter for Japan was 15.4 percent lower than the same time period last year, according to figures released by the Cabinet Office. Meanwhile, Nissan lost $2.3 billion for the year. Sony Corp. announced net losses of $1 billion for the fiscal year ending March 31, finishing a year in the red for the first time in 14 years. 
This news, however, seemed to have escaped Joe Namath, the Jets' charismatic quarterback, who gave a "guarantee" a few days earlier at a news conference in Miami -- where the Superbowl was being staged -- that his team would win. Dubbed the 'Crazy Gang' by British media because of the eccentric antics of their players and staff, who included future film actor Vinnie Jones, the team was outclassed on every front. The Magyars remained unbeaten for an unprecedented 33 consecutive matches (a record that still stands today) finally losing out in the 1954 World Cup Final to Germany. 
Taking on 19th Century French writer Stendhal's motto that "beauty is the promise of happiness," de Botton analyzes human surroundings and considers how our needs and desires are transferred into architecture. It has an attitude we're attracted to: if it was magically turned into a person, we'd like who it was. " De Botton said there are "thousands" of public buildings which are ugly and could possibly force a negative, saddening, or even potential anger-producing mood upon us. 
A young farmer ploughs a field in preparation to grow rice in Dalla, about 20 kms south of Yangon on July 9, 2008. And for many of those affected by Cyclone Nargis, who are engaged in rebuilding their lives and livelihoods, the limited delta harvest means they will continue to rely on assistance to meet their food needs." Humanitarian assistance has not restored the production capacity of small to medium-sized farms," He Changchui, FAO's Asia-Pacific regional chief, said in a written statement. " 
In England's League One and League Two competitions crowds had dropped more significantly. Wizards president Robb Heinemann was quoted in the Kansas City Star saying; "We understand these are tough economic times." Price cuts have been announced at five English Premier League clubs. 
The barriers would be designed to delay anyone trying to attack the cockpit by at least five seconds, giving pilots time to retreat to the cockpit, ALPA said. Bob Hesselbein of the Air Line Pilots Association said. " Many airline pilots believe the answer is "yes," and are hoping to reinvigorate efforts to require so-called "secondary barriers" on every commercial plane in the country. 
Human rights groups and United Nations say the Sudanese military armed and trained Arab militias in Darfur after a rebellion erupted in 2003. They say the military and militias have engaged in widespread killing, rape and forced displacements in Darfur as they battle about rebels who have splintered into roughly a dozen groups. That conflict was not directly related to ongoing violence in the Darfur region of western Sudan. 
State Sen. Thomas K. Duane, a Democrat, said in a statement, "I am confident that this year my Senate will uphold this fundamental legal principle and vote for my right, our right, to be married this year." I hope New York will soon become the latest state to adopt a law whose time has come." The bill, which passed 89-52, will now go on to the state Senate for a vote. 
In the near future, there will be a hyper-convergence solution," predicts A2Aworld's Michael Liu. " Insecure communications also pose a new threat to VoIP, as Liu points out: "In the early days of VoIP, people were mostly concerned with its cost, functionality and reliability. Now the only remaining factor is availability or higher-speed affordable mobile bandwidth, which is already emerging in advanced mobile markets such as South Korea, Hong Kong and Japan." 
I see a lot of hope in the new administration, the new leadership, and Pakistan is willing to work with the American administration to fight extremism and terrorism," he said Tuesday. " Defense Secretary Robert Gates has said the original mission in Afghanistan was "too broad" and needs to be more "realistic and focused" for the United States to succeed. The Taliban said Tuesday it was indefinitely extending a cease-fire Taliban leaders declared eight days ago after signing a controversial deal with the government to impose Islamic law, or Sharia, in the region. 
Head to Le Temple Du Scrap (13 Rue Ernest Cresson) for pretty paper supplies, trimmings, ribbons and associated frippery. Massages at the Mosque Paris is home to a large Muslim population, and La Grande Mosquée de Paris (rue Geoffroy St. Hilaire.) Le Scrapbooking Scrapbooking is the current craze amongst Paris' more sedate residents. 
Robertson, who is reporting from the Israeli-Gaza border, noted on CNN's "Situation Room" that al-Zawahiri got the message out quickly -- "within 12 days, that's very fast." He said the violence "is one part of a series of a crusade war against Islam and these air strikes are a gift from Obama before he takes office, and (Egyptian President) Hosni Mubarak, that traitor, is the main partner in your siege and killing." He reiterated that only one president can speak for the United States at a time. " 
The conflict in Darfur began in 2003 after rebels in the western region of Sudan began attacking government positions. The International Criminal Court has no arrest powers and depends on its 106-member states to take suspects into custody. Al-Bashir landed Saturday in the capital, Harare, for the two-day African leaders' summit of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA). 
The developments came a day after Sri Lankan officials rejected a proposed cease-fire from the Tamil rebels, warning instead that government troops would continue a new offensive until the group surrendered, a senior government official told CNN. " Watch civilians describe what they are experiencing » Fifty metric tons of relief supplies -- which landed in Colombo on Monday -- will be sent by UNICEF to the north to help displaced residents. Tens of thousands of displaced civilians currently remain wedged in a dwindling swath of territory controlled by the Tigers along the country's northeastern coast. 
The film took nine awards in all, including Best Film and Best Director. Shah Rukh Khan made the most of his iconic status by writing a blog on the team website under the title of "12th man". In fact, the Knight Riders were knocked out of the competition before the semi-finals, with Khan announcing to fans via SMS:"Al of us have become part of a failed script, a bad IPL script. 
Bolivian leader Evo Morales speaks before parliament Thursday in the capital, La Paz. " With this decree," Morales said in a nationally televised address from an oil field in Cochabamba, "we nationalize all the petroleum business in Chaco for all Bolivians." His actions Friday came less than 48 hours before Bolivians vote Sunday on a new constitution that would give the central government more power and control. 
Let us always remember that Bogota cries but will never give up," Uribe's statement said. Police inspect one of two dead bodies after an explosion Tuesday night in Bogota, Colombia. Senior presidential aide Fabio Valencia Cossio said 11 pounds of explosives were used, El Espactador newspaper reported. 
Clearly moved, Revealed includes footage of her rehearsing the changes to her speech to include a touching farewell to YSL: "He brought art into fashion, and fashion into art. Her 30 stores and countless concessions in department stores make the DVF brand a multi-million dollar fashion empire. Interviewing Von Furstenberg herself, along with supermodel Natalia Vodianova, and DVF Creative Director Nathan Jenden; we get a sense of the unfolding of a magical star-lit event. 
Watch liquid spew from building » ConAgra Foods' brands include Healthy Choice, Chef Boyardee and Orville Redenbacher, among others. The patients suffered burns that covered from 40 to 60 percent of their bodies, Cairns said. Video from the scene showed holes in sections of the roof of the 425,000 square-foot plant. 
FEMA said it was costing more than $1 million a year to store the supplies, but officials have not been able to answer why the agency didn't get the supplies to Katrina victims. Since then, the state has taken steps to claim some of the stockpiles and distribute them to groups working to resettle victims of Hurricane Katrina, the 2005 storm that flooded New Orleans and ravaged the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Rep. Bennie Thompson, chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security, called the situation "a debacle." 
Guns featured in a CNN Special Investigations Unit report last week, confiscated by Juarez police, are believed to have been smuggled into Mexico by Varela, according to an ATF spokesman. Charging documents allege that Varela was attempting to buy a fully automatic M-60 machine gun for a drug cartel associate in Palomas, authorities said. " Victor Varela was arrested by the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives as part of the agency's ongoing Project Gunrunner, according to an ATF release. 
The global financial crisis led to a "significant decline in fund management and stock broking activities in the second half of 2008," and a sharper downturn was expected in 2009, the ministry said. People walk out for their lunch break in the financial district of Singapore on Wednesday. Slowdowns in manufacturing, trade, transport and storage, information and communications and the financial services sectors contributed to the decline, the government said. 
What the administration is responsible to do is to make good choices about Americans' interests and values in the long run -- not for today's headlines, but for history's judgment," she said. " The secretary of state brushed off reports that suggest the United States' image is suffering abroad. Asked by CBS' Rita Braver why some former diplomats say Americans are disliked around the world, Rice said that's "just not true." " 
In addition to serving prison time, T.I. was placed on house arrest, was given community service and was ordered to pay a $100,300 fine. You shouldn't take the things that I've gone through, and the negative parts of my life, and admire me for that. I think that if anything, it will gain him more fans and actually support his fan base, because he's talked about making a mistake," Emil Wilbekin, editor in chief of Giant Magazine, told CNN. " 
To offer information on the Tinsley case, contact your local FBI office or Fort Wayne police at (866) 602-7745. The 5-year-old girl found the note tucked inside a plastic bag and left in a basket used as a flower pot. While police have no one to match it with at this point, "things have been resubmitted and retested" as technological advances have been made, he said. 
Live Nation began selling tickets to its own concerts only last year, just months before announcing plans to merge with Ticketmaster, the world's largest ticket-seller. People get a little ticked off when they think they're paying $20 for a ticket and as they progress along the various pages of the electronic transaction, they see more fees added a long the way," said Ray Waddell, who writes about live music tours for Billboard magazine. And we will be better able to develop new and innovative products and services that enhance the fan experience and make all forms of entertainment more accessible to everyone." 
Turkish armed forces acted with utmost sensitivity in order to avoid any negative impact of the strikes on the civilians in the region." The PKK has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for Kurds in southeastern Turkey, with some of its attacks launched from inside Iraq ». The same region was targeted by a Turkish air assault on Friday, the military said, adding that the number of casualties was not yet available. " 
Men are dying earlier due to prostate cancer, heart disease, stroke and other maladies, and their actions play a large role in it. I don't want a doctor poking on me." " That program by the U.S. Public Health Service was hideous but shouldn't be used as an excuse today. 
A search warrant was executed at the Tracy mobile home park where the girl lived, and a related search was to be conducted Tuesday at a nearby church, he said. A short time later, wearing a pink Hello Kitty T-shirt and black leggings, she left to go to another friend's home, according to a family spokeswoman. He implied more than one person may have been involved in the death of Sandra, who had been missing since March 27. " 
Taylor opened her Twitter account this year as "DameElizabeth" at the suggestion of her close friend, model-actress-author-businesswoman Kathy Ireland, her publicist Dick Guttman said. I went to see Andrea Bocelli last night. The first time I've been out in months. 
That right allows governments to take private property for public use without an owner's consent, after paying a fair price for the land. Landowner Randy Musser told CNN he is encouraged that the government is recognizing that the negotiations aren't working. While the threat of eminent domain stills seem to be on the table, "it finally seems like the lines of communication are open," Musser said. 
Matches will be held in Cape Town on June 13 and June 23. Commodore of the Royal Cape Yacht Club (RCYC) John Martin, told CNN the Cape Town port was used widely for business, leisure and sports. Gilfellan said she felt the surge of massive sporting events would undoubtedly have spin-off benefits for the marine industry. 
At the $2950 per day special rate four people can stay on the Katania -- but with the maximum six on board ($450 extra per person), the cost per person is a slightly more achievable $642. Tim Wiltshire, director and sales broker at international yacht company Burgess Yachts, said the charter market wasn't a complete disaster, so he was surprised to see such a discount. " There is one small catch with the deal -- the boat is based in the San Juan islands, and any cruises to other destinations will attract an additional charge to cover fuel costs. 
The victims were from 1 to 5 years old, said Jose Larrinaga, the spokesman. A crib and baby seats lie outside a day-care center where the deadly fire broke out Friday. In a message of condolence, President Felipe Calderon wished a quick recovery for the injured, who were taken to several area hospitals. 
Oprah.com: Start loving the way you look We need a better way to quantify these fluctuations -- a formula that goes beyond your BMI and calculates the feel of overweight. If you are more than seven years older than the group average or are surrounded by bikini-clad undergraduates with toned stomachs and cellulite-free thighs, add 20. Most women know that it is possible to immediately gain 15 pounds by eating one pint of Ben & Jerry's. 
Two senior Obama administration officials -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden -- have visited Lebanon in recent months, signaling concerns with a possible Hezbollah victory. They keep trying to scare the Christian voters with their stories about Hezbollah's weapons, so to all of those who complain about Hezbollah, can they tell us how they will disarm the party," Aoun told supporters Friday. " While some analysts are concerned Hezbollah could gain more control over Lebanon's government after Sunday's vote, a key Lebanese politician, Dori Chamoun, warned that assessment may be misleading. 
Three years later she won the Twin Ring Motegi in the Indy Japan 300, the first female driver to win an IndyCar race. Ultra Cycling requires about 20 hours of continuous pedaling per day, up hills (a combined total of about 82,000 feet of climbing), down dales and in all weather. During the medal ceremony, Lanny pulled Margaret up from the silver pedestal to stand with him during the national anthem to indicate that she deserved the gold as much as he. 
Boat loads of Rohingya arriving in Thailand is nothing new, but non-governmental organizations are increasingly worried about what they say is an apparent change of government policy. Local media also report claims by Rohingya survivors that the Thai military have been detaining hundreds of them an island called Koh Sai Daeng before towing them back out into open water without supplies. The Rohingya have been fleeing persecution of the hard-line military regime in Myanmar, formerly Burma, for years and often seek refuge in Malaysia. 
Sturr may not be burning up the charts or even generating the heat of fellow Grammy nominees Lil Wayne and Radiohead, but he gets his fair share of love from those who follow his genre. I was in Jupiter, Florida, a few years ago and the manager of a restaurant I knew came up to me and said there's a fan of yours that would like to meet you," recalled Sturr. " He said about a dozen awards, including album of the year and best new artist, are given out during the live show. " 
Enka's fan based comes generally from an older generation and is practically unknown outside of Japan, with simple song themes about love and loss. Watch the show on CNN as we spend time with him in a karaoke spot in Tokyo and find out how he's dealing with sudden fame in a foreign country. It shot up the Japanese singles chart, reaching No 4, the highest ever position for a first time enka release. 
During the segment, Poehler -- who also does impersonations of talk show host Kelly Ripa, "American Idol" judge Paula Abdul and pop star Michael Jackson -- asked Clinton, who trails Obama in the Democratic race, how her campaign was going. " Clinton said she appeared on the show to "just relax, have fun" without politics, but she didn't miss her chance to address voters in delivering the opening line. The media were tipped off when she failed to arrive for a campaign charter flight from Dallas, Texas, to Columbus, Ohio, on Saturday. 
Michaels jumped from a specially-constructed platform built to jut out from the dam to prevent him making contact with the front of the dam, which was studded with steel pegs. Ben Hur" (William Wyler, 1959) Stunt: Chariot race Stuntman: Joe Canutt Canutt (son of Yakima) doubles for Charlton Heston in the famous chariot race. In perhaps his most perfect stunt, the side of a building crashes down on top of him and Keaton is saved only by an open window that fits neatly around him. 
In the 1980s he modified a tool known as the "fan descender" for the film "Green Ice." It revolutionized the stunt industry and in 2002 he was awarded a Science and Technology Academy Award for his invention -- the only one ever handed out to a stunt man. An accomplished horseman (his first career choice was steeplechase jockey), it's Armstrong's Indy you see galloping along in the stained khaki shirt and jumping from his horse onto a tank in "The Last Crusade." " 
His colorful creations are unabashed celebrations of the female form: dresses slashed to the hip or barely skimming the buttocks, necklines that plunge where no other designer dares. Cavalli's woman knows she looks fabulous, and isn't afraid to show it: to her, it's not just clothing, it's an announcement that she's arrived. His trademark work with unconventional fabrics like embellished denim and leather, mixed with wild animal prints and exotic patterns, was embraced by the jet set and Cavalli opened his first boutique in Saint Tropez in 1972. 
The city's main shopping hub is Strøget, a collection of pedestrianized streets that lead from Rådhuspladsen to Kongens Nytorv; you can easily spend hours, and a small fortune, browsing its boutiques and chain stores. If it's raining you might prefer Det Blå Pakhus (113 Holmbladsgade), the city's biggest indoor flea market and a treasure trove of bargains begging to be hunted. ...................... Send us your comments and suggestions in the "Sound Off" box below and we'll print the best. 
As an outsourcing supply company, Fabre's company is indirectly responsible for employing around 80,000 people in 200 factories around Tamil Nadu, and his clients include labels such as Kenzo, Lee Cooper and Oxbow. Communism and Hinduism go well together in some Indian states, although I'm sure Karl Marx would wonder what it's doing here," he says. He met his current business partner in Fashions International, A. Jayapalana, when embarking on an ill-fated and short-lived venture with a fashion designer. 
My sense of purpose was to create a Biotech business in a country like India which had a very poor research culture with limited opportunities for scientists and engineers to pursue a career. We have always chosen to differentiate ourselves from the market and this has allowed us to "think out of the box" and stand apart. Vishala Vasandani Mazumdar Shaw: My journey started 30 years ago at a time when I had to face credibility challenges that pertained to my gender, my inexperience as a business entrepreneur and my unfamiliar biotechnology-based business model. 
Sand dunes, swimming pools and petanque are all things you might associate with France's south coast resorts, but all can be found on the riverbank from late July until late August each year. Bastille Day If freedom and fireworks are your thing, what better time to be in Paris than 14 July, or Bastille Day, when you can celebrate the storming of the hated prison, symbol of repression and aristocratic excess. Celeb-spotting, cooing over clothes and scrambling for a seat at Galliano are par for the course: just make sure your image is up to it. 
Already the downturn is seeing job losses in sectors such as aviation, financial services, retailing and export industries, as companies tighten their belts and put expansion plans on hold. The Reserve Bank of India is forecasting a more optimistic 7.5 to 8 percent. A banana vendor stands on a flooded street as he waits for customers in Amritsar, India, on August 13. 
Hadid meanwhile has won numerous international architecture awards and is currently involved in the construction of a 17,500-seat aquatics centre for London -- one of the venues being built for the 2012 Olympics. Prix has scooped many of the top international architectural awards over the last quarter century, and today continues his active involvement in the world of design. Once we have taken you through the festival highlights, at the end of the program the best building in the world will be chosen and we will interview the winning architect. 
Muttawakil has no standing today with Taliban leaders, who have been waging war now for 7½ years against Karzai, and who quickly denied they were in any negotiations with his government. Fourth, the Taliban believe they may be winning in Afghanistan, and they also are confident that they are not losing, which for an insurgent movement amounts to the same thing. Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, a commander allied to the Taliban, has been close to bin Laden since at least 1989, according to militants who know both men. 
Mugabe signed an agreement with the opposition in September to form a unity government, but a bitter dispute over the division of cabinet seats has prevented its formation. The epidemic has claimed more than 1,100 lives and infected more than 20,000 people since its outbreak in August. Inflation is so severe that the government was forced to print $10 billion currency notes last week, with each expected to buy just 20 loaves of bread. 
Even by the end of the 1990s, 50 million square meters of German roofs, the equivalent of 10 percent of flat roofs, were recorded to be green. With a little more encouragement, what once was an eccentric way to roof your home could soon become the universal standard, turning our cities into lush, green metropolises. According to Gedge, "Over the last eight years, green roofs [in the UK] have gone from being a very marginal approach to a mainstream approach. 
The idea of the 'artificial glacier' was born after he noticed that taps were left running in winter to stop the water from freezing in the pipes. This can never replace fossil fuels because of the huge demand we have for them, but we can help to reduce greenhouse emissions by creating alternative sources of energy," he said. For his efforts, Norphel has been awarded the Far Eastern Economic Review's 1999 Gold Asian Innovation Award, twelve years after he created the first one. 
Just like the snowbirds, Art Basel returns to Miami each winter and the Wynwood neighborhood has now become a bona fide art district, with exclusive galleries showcasing cutting-edge art all year round. But by the mid 90s, Miami had largely driven the cocaine cowboys out of town and hoteliers like Ian Schrager began converting some of those Art Deco classics into sophisticated boutique hotels fit for the international jet set. The mid 80s was the Miami Vice era, when the city's reputation for glamour and hedonism came with a side order of carjackings and gangland shootouts. 
HIV was isolated by scientists in 1983 and named in 1986 by an international committee THE DISCOVERY OF HIV/ AIDS Originally called slimmer's disease, as sufferers lost a lot of weight, the first recorded case of HIV occurred in the Congo in 1977. The biggest sort ... bent their body into curves in going forwards ... Moreover, the other animalcules were in such enormous numbers, that all the water ... seemed to be alive." Looking at these samples with his microscope, Leeuwenhoek wrote of "an unbelievably great company of living animalcules, a-swimming more nimbly than any I had ever seen up to this time. 
Police launched a criminal investigation to look into that allegation, said Eric Kiraithe, a police spokesman Employees of the supermarket refused to comment on the allegations. Hundreds of people crowded around the scene and tourists peered through their hotel windows as firefighters, security guards and civilians struggled to get the fire under control. Mwangi registered with the Kenya Red Cross on the scene, as scores of others did, and now he waits. 
On the eve of the students' return to classes, 23 people fell ill from a carbon monoxide leak in an apartment building near campus. Sheehan echoes the sentiment of Giovanni and her fellow students but noted that she made some changes in her life, and she still battles post-traumatic stress symptoms every day. " Burgin, Dorman, and Howarth were upgraded from serious to good condition, hospital officials said, after they received treatment in a hyperbaric chamber on Sunday and Monday. 
Waits, who is notoriously interview-shy, acknowledged his debt to the author in a promotional interview to accompany the release of his 1974 album "The Heart of Saturday Night." Many of his songs are stories containing a cast of characters from America's underbelly: the drunks and disenfranchised, the lost souls hiding out from life in seedy night spots. Waits' position on the periphery of pop music (he admits that the 60s scene largely passed him by), may be because he belongs to a bigger historical tradition -- that of the singer-storyteller that has its origin in folk music. 
Officials have issued an alert site notifying all vessels in the area to be aware of the increase in pirate activity. Pirates have hijacked two European-owned chemical tankers off the coast of Somalia in the past 24 hours, the European Union Maritime Security Center said Thursday. The 23,000-ton Norwegian-owned and Bahamian-registered M/V Bow-Asir was captured 250 miles east of the southern Somali city Kismayo on Thursday morning, the security center said in a release. 
A quarter-inch hole" But it's not enough to expect consumers to sign up to a longer-life model just because it is 'green', says Steve Bishop, head of sustainability at design firm IDEO. His point is that businesses will have to shift their goal posts and might even have to change the mentality that says that producing more products is the only way to make money. Europe produced 8.3 to 9.1 millions tons of waste from electrical projects in 2005. 
For Lenny, "it could be something like getting pap smear, making a dental appointment or telling someone that you fancy them or ring someone out of the blue and asking them if they've got a job. Lenny made sure she told all her friends about Future Friday so she could get extra support during the difficult weeks. " Lenny knew exactly what to do as she had formulated a plan that she had been following for some years. 
Accompanied by first lady Laura Bush and engaging in a wide-ranging conversation with King, Bush also said that his administration has been involved in stopping specific threats against the United States since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. " Watch Bush talk about the aftermath of 9/11 » "I told the American people I wouldn't tire and I wouldn't falter, and I haven't," the outgoing president said. When you make big decisions and tough calls, you're going to get criticized." " 
Dannatt told The Times newspaper that elements of the 12th Mechanized Brigade had been "earmarked for Afghanistan." The Ministry of Defense confirmed his remark. Richard Dannatt, the chief of the general staff, did not say how many troops he would be prepared to deploy. 
He tells me he believes that everyone must be ready for a spike in U.S. casualties as the Marines begin to move into the region in greater numbers this spring. The young Marines know exactly how tough the fight they are facing in the coming weeks and months will likely be. For the Marines, however, it is a seven-month tour of duty in mud in the winter and dust in the summer. 
The alert from Southwest Airlines advises pilots that the problem could cause the planes navigational system to interpret data "in such a way as to result in a nose-up pitch and loss of airspeed." She said the "altitude reading makes it look like you're a lot higher than you are, because there is a valley there." Southwest Airlines Pilot Association told its pilots the "issue is being addressed on several levels in an attempt to address procedures, facilities, and communication regarding this matter." 
President Obama is expected to approve a proposal to withdraw most combat troops from Iraq within 19 months, Pentagon officials told CNN Wednesday. U.S. soldiers stand guard outside a mosque during a prisoner release Sunday in Baghdad, Iraq. The decision will be announced at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina on Friday, according to one senior administration official. 
The survey portrayed Iran, the Taiwan Strait (where tensions have flared between China and Taiwan), Syria and North Korea as four potential hot spots and sought opinions of how prepared the U.S. is "to successfully fight a major combat operation there." Nearly three-quarters of the officers believe civilian leaders set "unreasonable goals for the military in post-Saddam Iraq." " Officers were asked to judge the preparedness of the U.S. on a scale of one to 10, with 10 meaning "fully prepared" and one indicating "unable to execute." 
An Indian Border Security Forces soldier watches as voters in Indian-controlled Kashmir wait to vote Sunday. Indian paramilitary troopers carried automatic weapons and blocked roads with barricades and coils of razor wire there and in other towns. Police Saturday fired on protesters in the town of Baramulla, killing 10th-grader Manzoor Ahmad Kumar, a senior police officer told CNN. 
The summit leaders will ask nations that have high drug consumption to do their part to reduce that demand, the Spanish news agency EFE quoted Lewis as saying. The more secure Mexico is, the more secure the United States will be," the Mexican president said, first in Spanish and then in English, to make sure no one missed the point. Drug-fueled violence reached record levels in Mexico last year, with around 5,400 slayings, more than double the 2,477 reported in 2007, Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora said last month. 
Watch a video of Steven Chu from Berkeley University Changing light bulbs and leaders The audience listening to Friedman that day was clearly appreciative of his no-nonsense approach to the green issue. Green capital Friedman's new book "Hot, Flat and Crowded" is not a major departure from his previous books. As head of Berkeley National Lab, he led projects to the tune of $650 million channeling much of it towards green technology to develop advanced biofuels and solar power. 
The money comes down here also to money managers in Atlanta, who get the books in order before it is sent out," said Rodney Benson, Atlanta's chief of the DEA. There is definitely a center of this type of drug activity here, and we are working to make sure the violence does not spill out to the general public," Atlanta U.S. Attorney David Nahmias said. One anti-drug operation in Atlanta netted $10.6 million, 108 kilos of cocaine, 17 pounds of meth and 32 weapons. 
Britain and Iraq announced last week that British troops would begin leaving Iraq in May 2009, while a "handful" of British military personnel would remain after that date to continue naval training for Iraqi sailors, primarily to protect oil platforms. The deal would set a deadline of July 31, 2009, for all non-U.S. foreign troops to withdraw, according to Abdul Hadi al-Hassani, a lawmaker with the main Shiite parliamentary bloc, who spoke to Iraqi state television on Sunday. Countries other than the United States that have troops in Iraq could be left with no legal cover for their presence there if Baghdad does not act swiftly. 
Al-Maliki thanked the United Nations for the supportive role it played. The secretary-general praised the turnout of millions of voters in "an environment free of violence," a development he called a "remarkable achievement" in a strife-torn nation. " On a tour that also has taken him to Pakistan and Afghanistan, Ban met with Iraqi leaders and appeared at a news conference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, whose allies won big in nine of the 14 provinces where the local elections were held. " 
The United States has provided Pakistan with billions of dollars in aid for those counterterrorism activities. Biden "described Pakistan as an incredibly valued U.S. ally and said that the U.S. recognized Pakistan's important contribution and sacrifices in the fight against terrorism," the ministry said. Last year, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed a bill authorizing $7.5 billion in non-military aid over the next five years. 
Overall, that state had been among the four fastest-growing states each of the past 23 years." A few years ago more than 250,000 people per year were moving there. Arizona is followed by Texas, North Carolina and Colorado, each with a 2.0 percent growth rate. 
See where Caylee's skeleton was found » On Saturday, investigators finished 10 days of sifting through the crime scene and served a warrant at the Anthony house for a third search for evidence, said Capt. Investigators said they found the scent of decomposing flesh and a trace of chloroform, a powerful knockout agent, in the trunk of a car Anthony drove at the time. Casey Anthony, 22, is accused of killing her daughter. 
She even got a request for a "hook up" from a guy hundreds of miles away at another college. To successfully sue the posters, Jane would have to show that they made false and defamatory statements about her (racist and slutty would qualify, I think) published them to a third party (I read them) and that her reputation was damaged (check). Instead, we received this not-so-juicy statement from a publicist: "While there has been much attention given to the critics ... Thousands of students from across the country have written in to request that their campus be added." 
We are against this agreement between the Iraqi government and between the American government because it is against Iraqi sovereignty," said law student Ahmed Fadhil Abbas, one of the demonstrators. U.S. military helicopters Tuesday flew over Baghdad's Mustansiriya University, where hundreds of students took part in a demonstration organized by the Sadr movement against the status-of-forces deal. " The draft status-of-forces agreement, according to a copy obtained by CNN, calls for U.S. combat troops to be out of Iraqi cities and villages by July 30, 2009, and out of the country entirely by December 31, 2011. 
The Atlantis played host to the opening celebration Thursday night. Stars including Oprah Winfrey, Michael Jordan, Robert De Niro, Janet Jackson and the Duchess of York were in attendance. The Palm Jumeirah increased Dubai's shoreline by 100 percent after work started on it in 2001. 
Last year Twentieth Century Fox claimed it still retained rights through an earlier deal with producer Lawrence Gordon in the 1980s; Warners Bros. disagreed but a judge decided there was a case to answer. Mindful that a narrative so complex could never work as a movie, Snyder has jettisoned several parallel subplots, which will surface as DVD extras and in director's cuts. On film it became a melodramatic pad around Victorian London, gamely carried by a pre-"Pirates" Johnny Depp. 
Home Inns, the largest budget hotel chain in mainland China, has built 400 hotels in just five years. There are nearly 100 economic hotel chain brands in China, over 1,000 budget hotels with over 100,000 rooms. Premier Inn, the 500-strong UK budget chain (that added 2,500 rooms to its portfolio last year and plans to add another 3,500 this year) is now taking the budget model further afield. 
He was supported by Justice Stephen Breyer in his objection to the court's ruling on Monday in the case, Thompson v. McNeil (08-7369). The high court has refused to hear the appeal of William Thompson, who had plead guilty twice in the March 1976 kidnapping and torture-murder of a woman. Two Supreme Court justices on opposite sides of the ideological aisle exchanged tough words Monday over the fate of a Florida murderer who has been on death row for 32 years. 
The U.S. Interior Department is considering changing regulations on guns in national parks. Our crime statistics are very, very low and you put loaded weapons in people's hands and there's a tremendous possibility that there will be increased violence." Graduate student Nathanael Snow, watching the Potomac River roar downstream, says, "For me, I feel safer if I know that people who are qualified and proficient in handling a weapon have it on them because the bad guys are going to have guns on them anyway." 
The department has said that it believes the public and health care providers are unaware of the federal anti-discrimination laws. " We have not had an opportunity to review the lawsuits and we will respond to the court on any pending litigation," department spokeswoman Rebecca Ayers said in an e-mail. " Blumenthal said the regulation would put women's health care at risk and would undercut state contraception laws. " 
She said the U.N. Security Council will deal with the issue of Zimbabwe next month. This time, she said, South Africa will not be able to block resolutions calling for more sanctions because South Africa will no longer hold a seat on the council in 2009. Zimbabwe has had no Cabinet since the March presidential election, during which no candidate won enough votes to avoid a runoff, according to the government. 
CNN: ... Jane Fonda has said, and said in the "60 Minutes" interview that aired over the weekend, that she still loves you. Turner: Maybe I did, but I was on a board of directors and a founder, and I was concerned about the AOL merger, but we didn't know that the books were cooked. CNN founder Ted Turner tells the network he's "encouraged" by the results of last week's election. 
In the first two months of 2009, churches have described more than 140 acts of violence to the Network, he said. In states where laws allow people to carry concealed weapons, volunteers have become a cost-effective means of providing security, Annis said. CNN's Ashley Fantz, Emanuella Grinberg and Brad Lendon contributed to this report. 
Read the letter of intent (pdf) Meanwhile, Anthony's defense filed a motion on Friday with Orange County Circuit Court, seeking more phone records from a dozen people involved in the case. Other names on the list include several former boyfriends, two private investigators, a volunteer searcher and Richard Cain, an Orange County Sheriff's deputy. Kronk had called authorities as early as last August to report he had seen a suspicious bag in the area. 
In the face of an unprecedented humanitarian crisis and in response to the calls made by the U.N., EU, the governments of the USA, India and others, the (LTTE) has announced an unilateral cease-fire. Government troops say they have rescued 39,000 civilians trapped in the area, but a U.N. refugee agency said Friday that a wave of "fresh displacement" has now exceeded 100,000 individuals. " All of LTTE's offensive military operations will cease with immediate effect," the rebel leaders said in a written statement issued earlier Sunday. " 
More than a decade after her mastectomy, Rubeo urges Hispanic women in the San Francisco, California, Bay area not to wait after seeing changes in their breasts. " Ramirez said there are now public service announcements in Spanish that target Hispanic women of all ages, so the younger ones will know the importance of family history and the older ones will become informed about the importance of mammograms. Hispanic women don't take advantage of the free breast health screenings, because there's a lack of awareness, Fé said. 
Casey He appears shaken when asked about her husband and why she packed up and left, with Anna and her younger brother and sister -- Andy, 8, and Avita, 6. " Life is difficult, she says, but she has no doubt that despite Anna's struggle to fit in, the little girl is still better off with her in China rather than living in Memphis with the Bakers. " That's when Jerry and Louise Baker stepped in and agreed to take temporary custody of Anna, when she was 4 weeks old. 
At the height of its powers, Boeing employed some 100,000 locals and the Jet City remained a solidly working-class town until the 80s, when local startup Microsoft started making a name for itself. Seattle started out as a logging town, grew as a stop-off point for gold prospectors at the end of the 19th century, and earned another nickname, "Jet City", when plane manufacturer Boeing rose to prominence in the 1950s and 60s. Some resent Seattle's gentrification, bemoaning the near-gridlocked traffic and arguing that the city's most interesting neighborhoods have lost their individuality to the property developers. 
The simple fact is that if the governor passes on other options -- candidates, many of whom serve in Congress and have earned their right to represent New York -- then he does so at his own risk. Sheinkopf was a media consultant for Eliot Spitzer's campaign for New York attorney general in 1998 and has represented candidates around the country and the world. Why should Caroline Kennedy be named a U.S. senator? 
A Polish court has ordered the detention of a man accused of holding his daughter captive for six years and repeatedly raping her, ultimately fathering two children with her. Elisabeth persuaded her father to let her bring Kerstin to a hospital, where staff grew suspicious and called police, who opened an investigation and uncovered the abuse. CNN's Diana Magnay in Berlin and Antonia Mortensen in London contributed to this report. 
If Pike Place whets your appetite for fresh produce, check out the Ballard Sunday Farmers Market (5330 Ballard Avenue, Sundays) for delicious farm-fresh goodies. Send us your comments and suggestions in the "Sound Off" box below and we'll print the best. Downtown is also home to Macy's (1601 Third Avenue), still known to locals as "The Bon" from its former incarnation as Bon Marché. 
Authorities arrested two high school students in suburban Atlanta on Thursday after they were warned that one of the students planned to "do harm" at the school with a weapon, police said. Busby has been charged with possession of a weapon on school grounds, carrying a concealed weapon and manufacturing and distributing a controlled substance, among other counts. The lockdown orders for the schools were lifted after the weapons were recovered, Baker said. 
Soon she was performing regularly at the jam sessions called Black Lily in her hometown of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. CNN: Let me ask you this: When you saw or heard the other nominees in the best new artist category who happen to be a little bit more well-known, was it intimidating? So now to be in a position where I write my music, and I have that control -- it feels so much better. 
The United States has committed about $45 billion to Iraq's reconstruction since the March 2003 invasion, according to a report last month from the Government Accountability Office. Under these circumstances and with a strategic risk to our nation and our military readiness, we and the American people must ask: Why should we stay in Iraq in large numbers?" I think the government has a responsibility, definitely, to care for its people, to provide services and to use the oil money for reconstruction and development," Zebari said. 
Watch as he returns to the crash site » As he walked the now-renovated halls where he spent the morning of September 11, he recalled the horror of the day. It was built at the spot where Flight 77 plowed into the Pentagon and will be open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Flight 77 slammed into the west wall of the Pentagon at 9:37 a.m. ET. 
Brian and his friends told CNN that when they got to the South African border at Beitbridge authorities let them walk through without passports or other documents. Roughly etched onto Brian's arm is a swastika tattoo. It is a twisted interpretation that, however misguided, gives strength to Brian, marking him as a "man" and "someone who does not surrender," he said quietly in a soft voice. 
The White House pushed hard for the provision, with a threat to veto the bill if it did not contain protection for phone companies. We intend to challenge this bill as soon as President Bush signs it into law," Jameel Jaffer, director of the ACLU National Security Project, said in a statement issued minutes after the Senate approved the bill. " Before voting for the bill, Obama voted for an amendment offered by Sen. Christopher Dodd, D-Connecticut, that would have stripped the language granting immunity to telecommunications companies. 
Pakistan's previous leader, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, reached a cease-fire deal with militants in South Waziristan in 2006 which was widely blamed for giving al Qaeda and Taliban a stronger foothold in the region. His death comes a day after Pakistan's government recognized the Taliban's interpretation of sharia, or Islamic law, in the entire Malakand Division, which includes Swat and its surrounding district. Khadim Hussain, a professor Bahria University in Islamabad who studies Pakistani politics, said the government has set the stage for two contradictory, parallel states in North West Frontier Province. " 
Watch Blagojevich speak at the news conference » Quoting Rudyard Kipling's poem, "If," Blagojevich called on the public to be patient and reserve judgment until the facts unfold in criminal proceedings. " Blagojevich did not take questions from reporters. Prosecutors also allege the governor and his former chief of staff, John Harris, tried to have Chicago Tribune editorial board members fired by leveraging state assistance to the parent company of the newspaper, the Tribune Co., in its sale of Wrigley Field. 
The program organizes songs into clusters with similar-sounding equivalents and then rates the song on a scale of one to ten, with a score of 7.3 being deemed likely to do well in the music charts. Record producer Carlos Quintero, director of Orixe and Jamm Records in Spain, believes that the software has a high accuracy rate. " Jimena Llosa, General Manager EMEA of Music Intelligence Solutions, claims the company has thirty to forty clients in the record industry in Europe and the U.S., but she says she cannot reveal who they are, citing privacy issues. 
Read blog on how CNN contacted a pirate The troubling rise in Somali piracy has led the United Nations to step up efforts to tackle the crime. Mark Kimmitt, U.S. assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs chaired the "contact group" of two dozen nations and five multi-national organizations. The Gulf of Aden links the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea. 
Yong Nam: In a very hierarchical, bureaucratic and big company culture and working environment, people try to hide issues and problems instead of raising and solving them. Yong Nam: Just Korean talent itself is not sufficient enough, so I have to attract a best in class global talent into our organization, so that they can feel comfortable working in this environment. So me speaking English is very, very important to encourage people to speak out with bad English instead of good Korean. 
The United States pays $17.4 million a year to use Manas, a major logistical and refueling center that supports troops in Afghanistan, the Pentagon said. The agency said Rear Adm. Mark Harnitchek, U.S. transportation command director for strategy, policy, programs and logistics, held a meeting with Tajik Foreign Minister Kharokhon Zarifi, after which he said he had also secured Uzbekistan's consent. But after Uzbek troops were accused of killing at least 150 people during a demonstration in 2005, the autocratic government of President Islam Karimov came under criticism from Washington and severed most of its military ties with the United States. 
If Barack Obama pursues the same policies as Bush and behaves like Bush ... then he cannot be Hussein. He spoke in the remote Swat Valley of northwestern Pakistan, the site of frequent and fierce clashes between Pakistani troops and Taliban and al Qaeda militants. With an assault rifle on his lap, Khan answered 10 written questions, sharing his view on a range of topics from slavery to Obama's middle name -- Hussein. 
EFPs use components manufactured in Iran and militants are trained in Iran to use them, the U.S. military has said. In this year, EFPs have gone up, actually, over the last 10 days by a factor of two or three, and frankly we're trying to determine why that might be," Petraeus said. The Bush administration and the military have long maintained that Iranian agents, particularly the Quds Force of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps -- have been arming and training Iraqi insurgents. 
Among the long list of agreements made during the summit are expanded economic cooperation and a proposed exchange of video letters between families separated by the divided Korean peninsula. On Wednesday, Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill said that a U.S. team, including technical experts, will head to North Korea next week, after the communist country agreed to begin the process. The experts will make it difficult to restart a nuclear program by sealing North Korea's main nuclear facility and removing certain components that would not be easy to replace. 
Or we follow Sebastian Junger's account of wild sea adventures in "The Perfect Storm." Messner is an extraordinary man, and while most of us would struggle to climb Everest with or without oxygen, we can still emulate his spirit of adventure in our daily lives. In a recent piece in UK newspaper The Observer, he also recommends holidays in North Korea, Iraq and Afghanistan. 
The U.S. Navy apprehends suspected pirates February 12 in the Gulf of Arden. The nine were brought into Somali waters and then handed over to the Puntland coast guard. The U.S. Navy released nine of the 16 suspected pirates it was holding on a ship for the last few weeks, according to defense officials. 
In addition, a review of the Afghanistan war strategy being conducted by Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen is also incomplete and has not been approved by the Joint Chiefs. The current calculation is that the full complement of troops for Afghanistan could not be completely sent until sometime next year or in 2011. Once in office, Obama is expected to ask commanders to develop a plan for a 16-month drawdown, as he promised during his campaign for the White House. 
Pilgrims, pictured above, have gathered to celebrate the Shia holy period of Ashura. Hundreds of thousands of Shiite pilgrims are expected in Baghdad and the southern Iraqi city of Karbala for Ashura, which falls on January 7 this year. CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq in Baghdad contributed to this report. 
Abbas' Sunday comments reverse those allegations, with Pakistan now blaming militants from Afghanistan attacking inside its soil. In recent months, Afghan officials have blamed militants operating from havens in the lawless tribal regions of Pakistan of sneaking into their country and attacking security personnel. Abbas said the fighters crossed into Pakistan from Afghanistan, and used rocket launchers and machine guns in their attacks. 
Pennsylvania law at the time said jurors did not have to unanimously agree on a mitigating circumstance, such as the fact that Abu-Jamal had no prior criminal record. He was convicted for the December 9, 1981, murder of officer Daniel Faulkner, 25, in Philadelphia. On a Web site created by friends to promote his release, the prisoner-turned-author writes about his fight. " 
Separately, three civilians died when a car bomb went off outside a bakery in the eastern district of New Baghdad, followed shortly by another car bomb. Five U.S. troops have died in Iraq this month, and 4,225 since the war started. Blood stains the ground following the explosion of an IED on Kahramana Square in Baghdad on January 12. 
Another option, head downtown to hear some jazz in Greenwich Village at the Village Vanguard or the Blue Note, or take in some drinks in one of many of New York's watering holes. Or continue on to Nolita (via Little Italy) to lunch at cool, low-key Café Gitane, or in SoHo at the beautiful French restaurant Balthazar (often a hangout of celebs). One of the city's most exciting recent projects, the public park will span 22 blocks (once it's all open in 2010), a huge accomplishment after many locals fought for years to turn it into green space. 
Law enforcement officials in southern California searched urgently Wednesday for a 3-year-old boy who was kidnapped at gunpoint during a weekend home invasion. Sheriff's deputies in San Bernardino County released composite sketches of the suspects during a news conference on Tuesday. Briant is described in the Amber Alert as a Hispanic male who was last seen wearing a yellow shirt with blue sleeves and blue-striped shorts with two different colors of blue. 
Watch police discuss the arrest » Sheneman told reporters Saturday he "couldn't begin to theorize" a motive. The family thanked law enforcement for what the man said was "gracious treatment." " The Tracy, California, family offered their prayers to the victim's family. 
Ceeon Quiett, the mayor's director of communications, told CNN that Nagin had been sitting beside a passenger who "exhibited the symptoms of H1N1," but Nagin showed no signs of illness. " The mayor is being treated with utmost courtesy by Chinese officials," the statement said. Nagin, his wife and a member of his security detail have been quarantined in Shanghai, China, though all three are symptom free, the statement said. " 
We're moving into the arena where we can do medical treatment," Dr. Ethylin Jabs, professor of developmental and regenerative biology at Mount Sinai Medical School, said at the conference. By looking at the genetic underpinnings of disorders that lead to facial deformities, scientists can also understand what accounts for the normal differences in face and skull types. " Watch an animation of the face transplant » The patient had previously "suffered severe facial trauma," the Cleveland Clinic said. 
She checked in and talked with her husband over the phone about 5:30 p.m. She told him she was going out to eat with a colleague who was staying across the hall. Anyone who has seen Pam Biggers or has more information leading to the person or people responsible for her disappearance is asked to call the Bay County Sheriff's Office tip line at 850-747-4700. She had just learned that her son, Jacob, was to be dispatched for a tour of duty in the military to Afghanistan and may have been stressed about that, her husband said. 
There's an image that I will carry for the rest of my life: a shirtless man walking outside holding a young boy, yelling 'fireman, fireman, save my son,' but the boy was already dead," Diaz said. Investigators have not determined whether the fire was caused by an overheated motor or deficiencies in its installation, said Abel Murrieta Gutierrez, according to the state-run news agency Notimex. The two buildings also shared a roof, which contained a false bottom made of polyurethane, which overheated, emitting highly toxic fumes, he said. 
CNN's Arthur Brice and CNN en Español's Luisa Calad contributed to this report. The soldiers were met by gunfire, it said. The incident began about 7 p.m., when the soldiers went to a location called Avenida Rancho Grande in Acapulco "to exploit information obtained through an anonymous tip," the ministry said in a statement. 
This progress feels slow, she said, in comparison with her previous weight loss attempts, which consisted of crash dieting. A pace faster than that -- such as 10 pounds per month -- would be hard to keep up, Gidus said. Kim certainly has people supporting her in the virtual world: A video she posted a few weeks ago after she'd lost 4 pounds had more than a dozen motivational comments from others on iReport.com. 
Former Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain also made a pre-taped appearance on the show, jokingly reminding the troops to "take time to clean your muskets." The commander-in-chief told his general it was time to "cut that man's hair." Debra Shoemaker, a native of Colbert's hometown of Charleston, South Carolina, said the show was a "nice break" from the monotony of service in Iraq. 
Watch a museum official describe the attack » Despite the incident, Madame Tussauds officials said they will show the waxwork of Adolf Hitler in the exhibition again. In a statement the Museum said: "Madame Tussauds is non-political and makes no comment or value-judgement either on the persons who are exhibited in the Museum or on what they have done during their lifetime. " The presence of the waxwork, which depicted the Nazi dictator sitting at his desk in his bunker shortly before he committed suicide in 1945, in the new museum led to criticism in German media over recent weeks. 
The Web sites for RPP radio and El Comercio newspaper said at least 33 people died, including 22 police. Indian rights advocates put the number of dead and missing as much higher, with some groups saying more than 100 were killed or are missing. Officials said Monday they will remove a roadblock within the next two days in the main highway between the cities of Yurimaguas and Tarapoto. 
It was unknown whether the attacks were connected with Saturday's shootout, which started when soldiers went to a location called Avenida Rancho Grande in Acapulco on an anonymous tip. Gunmen killed three police officers in Acapulco, Mexico, early Monday morning in attacks on two police stations, the state news agency Notimex reported. Acapulco officers Gilberto Reducindo Salazar and Arturo Tonala Aguilar were killed in that incident, according to Notimex. 
Since news of the possible closures broke, many -- including some Shriners and people who've used the hospitals -- have spoken out in hopes of keeping the facilities open. Semb said the idea has some merit, but he cautioned that to accept insurance and Medicaid, the hospitals would subject themselves to more federal oversight and possibly curtail their ability to treat patients as they see fit. Two-thirds of the roughly 1,400 representatives at the group's July 6-8 Imperial Council Session in San Antonio, Texas, would have to vote for it. 
Tim Wiltshire, director and sales broker at international yacht company Burgess Yachts, said the charter market isn't a complete disaster, so he was surprised to see such a discount. " Travel is down, agents and brokers need deals, so rather than just a few full-price charters, we decided to stay busy, put more people to work, and help island tourism by doing charters at cost. " Wiltshire said CEO Expedition's fleet isn't among the biggest or most luxurious on the market, and this deal appears to be clever marketing stunt. 
Aiken, the runner-up on "Idol's" second season, dodged questions about his sexuality until coming out in People magazine last year. I had a psychedelic experience where I looked up at the clouds and went, 'Oh!' " He said he wanted to avoid "the Clay Aiken thing and the celebrity-magazine bulls--t." " 
The union endorsed the package 78 percent to 22 percent. Before the agreement, the two sides had been at odds mainly over the amount actors should be paid when their movies or TV shows are distributed on discs or through new media, such as mobile phones and the Internet. We look forward to working with SAG members ... to emerge from today's significant economic challenges with a strong and growing business." 
The projected number of holiday drivers is down 1.2 percent from last year's 33.6 million drivers. Corridors along the East Coast, in the Midwest, the Southwest and the West Coast will be opened to commercial airliners. " Even though people might be trying to tighten their purse strings right now, it's not the time to let your maintenance lapse on your car, especially if you live in a cold-weather environment," Hyde said. 
Speaker was originally found to have an extremely drug resistant strain (XDR-TB) of the respiratory disease earlier this year, but on July 3 doctors said he had multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB), which is treatable with less toxic drugs. In the past year, there have been about 124 cases of MDR-TB in the United States. Speaker and his fiancee had gone to Europe on May 12 for their wedding in Greece, despite warnings from the Fulton County Health Department in Georgia that he should not fly because he risked infecting fellow passengers. 
The English champions have given the big-spending Spanish giants permission to talk to the World Player of the Year, according to the official United Web site. Perez is seeking to rebuild a team which finished second in the Primera Liga last season, nine points behind Barcelona, and again failed to progress past the first knockout stage of Europe's premier club competition. He made his first senior outing for the national side that November and helped Manchester United win the FA Cup in May before suffering heartache as Portugal lost to underdogs Greece in the final of Euro 2004 on home soil. 
Trying to garner support among women and young voters, in one of his pre-election television interviews he questioned the role of the morality police: "Let our children arrange their hair any way they wish. Ironically, during the 2005 presidential election, candidate Ahmadinejad said he would loosen state control over people's personal affairs. At his first press conference after announcing his presidential candidacy, Hossein Mousavi, Ahmadinejad's main opponent, pledged to increase freedoms for Iranians and curb controversial restrictions that require women to cover their hair in public. " 
But this concept won't be fulfilled unless we have health reform that increases the number of primary care physicians. Their research shows that increasing the number of primary care physicians results in a significant increase in the quality of health care and a reduction of cost to patients. At issue, then, is not the total number of physicians, but the number of family physicians and their primary care colleagues. 
Watch Boyle say, "It must have been a miracle" » Boyle said she was trying to take her newfound fame in stride. " She had private lessons and won local competitions, but a professional career never took hold partly because of circumstances at home. There is speculation TV producers might give Boyle a makeover for the rest of the show, but she refused to say whether she'd accept one. 
As to how that is done, he said, "I'm not aware of the mechanics; I don't steep myself in these things." U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said that "the U.S. government has programs to provide humanitarian assistance to people that are essentially forgotten by the Cuban government and that we ... do not stand in the way of private groups doing that as well." Though the price may put mobile phones out of the reach of most Cubans, they are affordable for many of those who have access to U.S. dollars -- typically either sent from relatives abroad or earned internally by tourist workers. 
Asians have different figures than people from the West, so that's what caused their suspicion," said Huang Yubin, head coach of the men's and women's teams, referring to media inquiries. " However, the organization intends to further investigate the ages of two gymnasts, Dong Fangxiao and Yang Yun, who participated in the 2000 summer games in Sydney, Australia. Watch tiny gymnasts work out » Athletes must be at least 16 in the year the games take place. 
However he spent 14 months rehabilitating and then moved to Arsenal in England and arguably had the most successful years of his career. In 1995, when he was already a double-European Cup finalist, Kanu was told by a doctor for Inter Milan, the club he had just signed for, that he a faulty value in his heart. Founded in 2008, The Kanu Football Foundation aims to help advise young African footballer who can face all sorts of pressures when trying to become a professional football and avoid being exploited. 
Several hundred officers were involved in the raids, according to a later Greater Manchester Police statement. She said the actions were an operational decision by police and Security Services, but she and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown were kept apprised. But, the source said, the arrests would probably have taken place Thursday, and preparations for the arrests were the reason for Quick's visit to see Brown. " 
During the recent housing crisis, Griffin says people of color have become "easy prey" because they often don't know the right questions to ask about subprime and ARM loans. If the Hicks family had known sooner about HomeFree-USA's program they might have been able to save their good credit rating and a lot of aggravation. The Hickses decided they had no other choice but to "play the game" and stop paying their mortgage, even if it meant damaging their hard-earned credit. 
Later, the pope was scheduled to celebrate Mass at Gethsemane, the site where the Bible says Jesus prayed to God for guidance the night before his crucifixion. " Pope Benedict XVI visited Jerusalem's holiest sites Tuesday, touring areas sacred to Muslims, Jews and Christians and stressing the common threads of the three faiths. Each recognizes Abraham as a forefather, a man of faith upon whom God bestowed a special blessing," the pontiff said. 
Nearly 1,500 residents sought refuge Saturday in 49 emergency shelters in North Carolina, Van Sciver said. Hanna's eye made landfall near Little River Inlet at the South Carolina-North Carolina line, according to CNN meteorologists. Watch wind whip a South Carolina beach » Pounding waves flattened some sand dunes on the beaches at Oak Island, North Carolina, just east of the storm's landfall. 
The long-lost wreck was missing for 69 years until a team of Swedish and Finnish divers -- including Eckerman's grandson Ingvald -- discovered it this year. As the submarine dove near the island of Market, northwest of Aland, Eckerman heard a loud explosion and saw smoke rise from the water. Sweden and Finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mines. 
The strike began Tuesday at 7 p.m. (2 p.m. ET) but the first full effects were felt during Wednesday's morning commute. I think we'd all like to strike for more money, but unfortunately we can't," said one woman at Oxford Circus, where the Tube is closed. RMT doesn't resort to industrial action lightly," General Secretary Bob Crow said in a statement. " 
CNN's Niki Cook contributed to this report The police were immediately alerted, as was a special unit that combats the trade in stolen cultural artifacts. The sketchbook was discovered missing from the Picasso Museum in Paris overnight. 
We prayed that we would find a nice cat that liked our dog, and a few days later, he just showed up at our front door," Donna Gleason said. Miami-Dade Police spokesman Bobby Williams said two of the cat carcasses were "posed." The number grew from 12 to 15 to 19 in just the past two days. 
The scrap for second in Spain's pool could well be the other interesting storyline from the competition, as South Africa, Iraq and New Zealand fight it out for a place in the final four. • Egypt could be the dark horses of the event -- but they do have a tough group with games against both Brazil and Italy. Robinho (left) and Ronaldinho (right) celebrate Brazil winning the Confederations Cup in 2005. 
Watch more on the profane messages » Threatening letters left in the family's mailbox and an e-mail allegedly sent to Coleman before the killings were traced back to the suspect's laptop, he said. Christopher Coleman has pleaded not guilty and is being held without bond. Coleman pleaded not guilty to all charges. 
See where H1N1 flu cases are in the U.S. » The U.S. death toll is expected be higher when the CDC releases its latest figures Friday, said Anne Schuchat, director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases. New England -- particularly Massachusetts -- and the New York and New Jersey areas have been hit the hardest, Schuchat said Thursday at a CDC news conference. The schools and day care centers were told to close for 14 days as investigators tried to identify the source of the infection, said Tsang, the chief executive. 
There seemed to be a lot of good remarks that they want to honor the Hague Convention; they believe in the Hague Convention and they want to return children. According to the U.S. State Department, some 66 American-born children have been taken by a parent to Brazil, in violation of international treaties. The incident began in June 2004, when Goldman's then-wife, Bruna Bianchi Carneiro Ribeiro, took Sean from the family's New Jersey home for what was to have been a two-week vacation in her native Brazil. 
The Iraqi source said the five had been held in a separate holding area and not with other Iraqi detainees, but spent time in a courtyard with other Iraqi detainees. The source close to the suspects said Sunday that each of the five men insisted they had alibis that will clear them and they were eager to tell their stories to a judge. The Feeneys had known Kitterman for six years from their time in the Green Zone and "respected him," Corporate Training Unlimited spokeswoman Sarah Smith told CNN. 
An estimated one-quarter to one-half percent of the American population is transsexual, however, Keisling said. " Chaz, after many years of consideration, has made the courageous decision to honor his true identity," Howard Bragman said in a written statement. " Keisling said she was unaware of the specifics in Bono's case, but speaking generally, a transition means that he will now want to be "known, seen, viewed" as a male. " 
Pelosi was one of a handful of lawmakers who was briefed by the Central Intelligence Agency in 2002, but she now accuses the agency of lying to her and hiding what it was doing. Maybe that's part of the reason she's in trouble right now. She is Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic speaker of the House of Representatives, the most powerful woman in Washington and lately, a target for Republicans. 
In the video, Adam Yahiye Gadahn, also known as Azzam the American, discusses his roots as he castigates U.S. policies and deplores Israel's offensive in Gaza that started in late December 2008 and continued into January. " He was indicted in the United States in 2006 on charges of treason and material support to al Qaeda, according to the FBI. How can a person with an ounce of self-respect possibly stand in the ranks of criminals and killers who have no morals, no mercy, no humanity and indeed, no honor?" 
But be warned: Hikers must endure a 2,546-foot elevation gain in two and a half miles to enjoy the stunning mountain scenes. Spend the day exploring extensive tide pools, then amble back over to the bowl to witness the wildly churning waves that accompany high tide. (Coastal Living) -- Visitors love driving Oregon's coast, but it's a shame not to get out and hike the stunning landscape, too. 
The president met privately Tuesday with Tenzin Gyatso, the 14th dalai lama, in the White House. The promise of good intentions did not seem to assuage the Chinese government, who labeled the Dalai Lama's work "separatist activities." " The White House is generally measured in its criticism of China as it seeks to manage a booming trade relationship and a desire to enlist Chinese cooperation on nuclear standoffs with North Korea and Iran. 
iReport.com: Kimley-Horn and Associates Despite the nationwide movement, Dunham said she hadn't noticed anyone else in her town of Earlimart, California, wearing red on Friday. See more from iReporters on National Wear Red Day » Savage has to take beta blockers because her heart sometimes races when she eats certain things, particularly foods containing the preservative MSG. Anita Dunham's first heart attack started with a mysterious pain in her arm -- and, suddenly, the 34-year-old felt as if she couldn't breathe. 
U.S. envoy George Mitchell says Israel and the United States will remain close allies. In a speech to the Muslim world Thursday in Egypt, Obama said his country "does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements." Peres was elected president during the term of Netanyahu's predecessor, Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, who supported a two-state solution to achieve peace. 
Pet] adoptions have pretty much dropped off the face of the earth right now, but people are calling more and more to turn animals in," Bob said. Cats that require special attention or medical care -- those that have been abused or are suffering from feline immunodeficiency virus, for example -- all have a place at the ranch. We have anywhere from two or three dogs and 10 to 12 cats that share a bed with us," Bob says. 
She said it was ironic that she was treated in the maternity ward at Hospital Infanta Sofia in the Madrid suburb of San Sebastian de los Reyes. " Going home to the Canary Islands, she said, will be hard since the bodies of many of the dead will be arriving there with her. She was returning home from a vacation in Germany when she boarded the flight to the city of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands. 
Fourth seed Li, the highest-ranked player left in the competition, will face Magdalena Rybarikova in the final, after the 13th-seeded Slovakian beat Indian Sania Mirza 3-6 6-0 6-3. However, Roddick was clearly still in some discomfort as he served in the next game and decided to take the safety-first option with Wimbledon starting in just nine days. " Meanwhile, in women's action, Maria Sharapova crashed out in the semifinals of the Birmingham grass-court event, beaten in straight sets by China's Li Na. 
Farrell, 24, said, "it's been a crazy few days" since Wednesday, when she got the call that Prejean had been ousted. " All I can tell you is that it's hilarious and that if (actor) Will Farrell or (director) Adam McCay could give me a call, things would be wonderful," she said. I'm trying my best to kind of calm the waters," Farrell said in an interview Sunday at the Playboy Jazz Festival at the Hollywood Bowl. 
About 18 percent of cases were hospitalized as a result of their illness, and patients have ranged from 2 months to 98 years of age. The first cases of salmonella were reported September 3, but most occurred between October 1 and January 6, the CDC said. No cases connected to the outbreak have been reported in Montana, New Mexico, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, Florida or Alaska. 
The European Union launched a probe to determine how the war began that is due to be completed by the end of next month. Western powers, including the United States, the United Kingdom and France backed the Georgian government in a conflict that rekindled Cold War sentiments. The observer force had been in existence since 1993, but Russia claims that the mission was invalidated by last year's conflict over breakaway regions in Georgia. " 
Stations all over the country will be making the historic switch all day Friday, Federal Communications Commission officials said. In any change this big, there are going to be disruptions," said Michael Copps, the Federal Communications Commission acting chairman. " The federal government raked in $20 billion in auctions by selling licenses for the frequencies vacated by local television stations for other commercial uses. 
He said he was "very in sympathy" with Ronaldo over his current position. " To my knowledge what they (the Premier League) want to do is perhaps to play some of the League Cup matches somewhere outside of England. Ronaldo, who hit 42 goals for United last season, has a contract until 2012 and Blatter believes the issue raises concerns about the way transfers and contracts are dealt with in the game. 
He has good days and bad days. There was no "culminating event" this time, the associate said, and he did not think it was related to Edward Kennedy's ongoing battle with brain cancer. " I hope that in some small way my decision to be proactive and public in my efforts to remain healthy can help remove the stigma that has served as a barrier for many Americans reluctant to get the help they need." 
The message said Schrenker had been reading accounts of his disappearance on CNN.com and other news outlets and was "disturbed and wanted to set the record straight," Britt told CNN affiliate WRTV in Indianapolis. Authorities believe Schrenker defrauded investors through three companies he owns before attempting a bizarre and potentially deadly vanishing act. Schrenker was charged in Hamilton County, Indiana, on Tuesday with unlawful acts by a compensated adviser and unlawful transaction by an investment adviser. 
His name was Michael Dillon, and he one of the Western world's first transsexual people, that is, someone who changes sex and/or gender by medical means. Jamison Green transitioned from female to male just before his 40th birthday. It's one thing if you mix in with other people where there is a lot of physical diversity, but if you congregate with others like you, you may risk discovery. 
Wade: I think I've got a lot more "doing" to do. Lapin: So, as a role model, to take little kids wearing your jerseys and playing video games of you, do you take that seriously? With the steroids controversy in baseball and drug allegations against the world's greatest swimmer, many adoring fans may wonder, "Where are the good guys in sports?" 
Though the circumstances of his return are being closely shielded, the star-spangled superhero returns July 1 in a five-comic-book series, "Captain America Reborn." Captain America will return in a new comic book series July 1. Marvel said the comic story line was intentionally written as an allegory to current real-life issues like the Patriot Act, the war on terror and September 11. 
The situation had worsened by Friday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said. The U.N. Security Council and U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday called for both sides to protect civilians and allow humanitarian aid into the conflict zone. Security Council members issued a statement demanding "that all parties respect their obligations under international humanitarian law." 
Watch Gurnon praise Phillips' courage, professionalism » The waiting ended Sunday with news that U.S. Navy snipers had shot and killed three of Phillips' captors, with the fourth pirate in custody onboard the nearby USS Bainbridge, and that Phillips had been rescued uninjured. But for those four days, they were on the minds of people around the globe, from the captain's hometown in Vermont, to the White House, to port cities and anywhere that families send their loved ones off to sea. " While this is a great day for Massachusetts Maritime Academy and for all of our alumni and all mariners around the world, we still have more than 200 men and women held hostage in Somalia," Gurnon said. " 
In 1998, Rezaie's son Ahmad fled Iran and sought political asylum in the United States, but eventually was persuaded to return home and now is a wealthy businessman, Khalaji said. Iranian people don't like the military at all, " Khalaji said. " Watch how the campaign is a watershed for Iran » "Look, everybody in this country wants Ahmadinejad out," Khalaji said, "except the Supreme Leader and his organizations." 
The president then showed a picture of Moussavi's wife, a well-known political science professor, and accused her of skipping university entrance exams. Presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi holds up the "V" sign after casting his vote on Friday. Watch Moussavi's supporters explain why they're backing him » This week, crowds divided between the candidates are facing off on opposite sides of the street in Tehran. 
United switched the ball around the edge of the Roma box before Paul Scholes eventually crossed for Ronaldo to come steaming in to out-jump Marco Cassetti and thump home a header. It was a good job overall but we must remember that the Champions League is a different style to the Premier League and this match is not over yet," added the Portuguese winger. On 12 minutes, United opened up the Roma defense but after Park Ji-Sung took the ball down on his chest he was crowded out. 
He jumped overboard at one point to try to escape, but one of the pirates jumped into the water after him and brought him back onboard the 28-foot boat. CNN's Stephanie Elam, Mohammed Jamjoom and Barbara Starr contributed to this report. The Alabama was en route to Mombasa, Kenya, with a cargo of food aid when it was hijacked about 350 miles off the Somalia coast. 
If you don't think it's important to your man, Steve says you're wrong. " You know how many times I hear women say: 'I don't need a man. If you're married to a mama's boy, is there anything a wife can do to become the number one woman in his life? 
Parties involved agreed the issue should go to arbitration and Vinokourov, who 'retired' after being banned, has now been told his ban will be for two years. The International Cycling Union (UCI) disputed the length of the ban which should have been for two years under their rules. My dream would be to win the world championship and wear the rainbow shirt for my last year in 2010," he said last month. 
As long as people with dementia are involved in the decision-making progress, assisted living technologies can play an important role to help people live well with dementia," she told CNN. For a monthly fee of about $20, caregivers will also have the option to subscribe to a GTX service that automatically alerts them when the wearer of the shoe leaves a designated boundary. Because they often will not seek help or respond to assistance, nearly half of them risk death if not found within 24 hours, he said. 
Within the last six months, the unidentified man contacted Nassau County, New York, police and said he had credible evidence that would link him to the case of the missing toddler, according to police Detective Lt. The mother went inside to do some quick shopping, leaving her 2-year-old and baby girl in the stroller outside. In 1955, Marilyn Damman took her toddler, Steven, and his baby sister, Pamela, to a bakery in East Meadow. 
The Obama administration reviewed the highly redacted portions of the transcripts that were released shortly after the Combatant Status Review Tribunals were held at Guantanamo Bay in the spring of 2007. See key players in interrogation policy » Khalid Sheik Mohammad, the self-proclaimed mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, told the military panel he made up stories when tortured. CNN's Carol Cratty, Mike Ahlers and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report. 
While pro-Ahmadinejad crowds descended on Vali Asr Square in central Tehran, Mir Hossein Moussavi urged his own supporters to cancel their plans to rally at the square after mass protests a day earlier in which seven people were reportedly killed. Al-Alam footage shows Ahmadinejad supporters rallying Tuesday in central Tehran. The site was the same one where Moussavi had earlier in the day appealed to his supporters, a crowd of at least 10,000. 
Promising greater individual freedoms to youths was instrumental in the two landslide victories by Khatami in 1997 and 2001. In the meantime, trying to divert attention from the mess at home, Khamenei and Ahmadinejad have blamed external "enemies" and "foreign media" for instigating a "full-fledged fight against our people." According to many independent media reports from all over Iran, women and young voters turned out in record numbers, especially in cities where Moussavi is very popular. 
In its e-mail, MEND claimed to have attacked a Chevron oil station in the Niger Delta region Monday as part of its latest offensive against the Nigerian government, dubbed "Hurricane Piper Alpha." " The association has given the country a grace period to start constructing the remaining venues, FIFA Vice President Jack Warner said. Only two out of the nine stadiums in Nigeria are close to being ready for the tournament which is scheduled to take place between October 24 and November 15, according to FIFA. 
In 2005, O'Dwyer won a historic $4 million settlement for a 33-year-old Mexican worker who had fallen 30 feet in a scaffolding accident in the Bronx. The men involved in the settlements said they chose to remain anonymous to protect relatives outside of the United States, who could become the target of kidnapping schemes if knowledge of their settlements became public. He was injured when three large 44x10-foot trusses, each weighing 200 pounds, collapsed onto him in August 2007, fracturing his hip and causing other injuries, according to the statement. 
Kate's beaming mother, Claire, acknowledged that she has confiscated her daughter's phone on occasion, but said she appreciates that her daughter's texting habit means she's in constant touch. " Nor does Moore's mother have to foot an appallingly large phone bill each month, because her daughter is on an unlimited texting plan. In the tiebreaker, the two girls furiously raced to thumb the final text: "Zippity Dooo Dahh Zippity Ayy...MY oh MY, what a wonderful day! 
Smith also works as a "ghost producer" helping structure her episodes, she said. " So they get to eat chocolate for breakfast and go to bed whenever they feel like it for those three months while I'm working," Pinkett Smith said. " While the show is based on a Richmond, Virginia, hospital, it's produced in a recently closed Inglewood, California, hospital just a few miles from the Smiths' home. " 
Jo suffered from cancer of unknown primary, or CUP, a diagnosis that is given when doctors find cancer in the body but aren't able to identify where it began. But faced with the choice of putting the ordeal behind him or trying to do something about it, he picked the latter. " In the case of CUP, the cells lose their unique features as the cancer spreads. " 
Mark Blyth, Suveges' primary faculty adviser, said that when Suveges came to Johns Hopkins, she planned to write her Ph.D. dissertation on how ideas move across borders from society to society, exploring how radical Islamic ideas filtered through Western European mosques. Suveges, who started her tour with Human Terrain System in April, had been assigned to support the 3rd Brigade Combat Team for the 4th Infantry Division in "political, cultural, and tribal engagements," a statement from the program said. Mike Kenfield, spokesman for the Army's training and doctrine command, said that the program was credited for "reductions in non-lethal operations" and that there had been talk about expanding the purview of the team to outside Iraq and Afghanistan. 
Between 15,000 and 30,000 residents have left the Dir district, which is less than 160 km (100 miles) northwest of the capital, Islamabad, according to an aid agency operating in the region. He also warned that a Pakistani military operation could be worse than Taliban rule in Buner and other regions. " About 300 militants entered Buner a few days ago in violation of the Taliban's recent agreement to leave the district, he said. 
People try to keep it as nonviolent and civil as possible," said group organizer Negar Mortarzavi. In Russia, Ahmadinejad was welcomed as the "newly re-elected president of Iran," with Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov telling reporters, "the issue of elections in Iran is an internal affair of the Iranian people." And we're not saying that we don't accept it altogether. 
Huckaby is the granddaughter of Clifford Lane Lawless, pastor of Clover Road Baptist Church near the mobile home park, and she taught Sunday school at the church, police have said. Sandra was last seen alive March 27 in the mobile home park where she lived with her family -- the same mobile home park where Huckaby lives with her daughter. We are asking the public if they have any indication that any of their children may have had inappropriate contact with [the suspect] to contact us," Tracy Police Sgt. 
Meade: You know, I'm thinking about, too, last Saturday we had the 65th anniversary of D-Day, and that was the first time, in World War II, that you jumped, because you had to ditch your plane. In recent years, Bush's jumps have been about fun and celebration, but he first parachuted out of a plane when he was a naval aviator shot down over the Pacific Ocean during World War II. And the "L" word, so it doesn't -- I mean, my view is the historians will decide these things, for better or for worse and for right or for wrong. 
The special will explore many stories, including an initiative in Jakarta, Indonesia that promotes the planting of trees before a couple can get married, and a US recycling plant that tackles financial hurdles brought by the country's financial downturn. From the CEO of an up-and-coming green company to a climate change skeptic, these programs will speak to a variety of people to offer viewers many perspectives on green topics. CNN International is committed to green coverage," said Katherine Green, senior vice president of CNN International. " 
United also stood by Ronaldo when he was widely blamed in England for getting his club mate Wayne Rooney sent off during the 2006 World Cup. Cristiano Ronaldo has refused to commit himself to Manchester United. A move to a new club would also likely put him under more pressure to play before he has made a full recovery. 
A researcher for the Southern Poverty Law Center has said her group had a thick file on von Brunn going back 20 years and that he had become a "hardcore neo-Nazi." They claim that all sorts of crimes are motivated by hate, and to separate some from others elevates some victims over others and amounts to the state policing thoughts and feelings. These outfits flourish in bad times because they give underperformers something really valuable: convenient scapegoats for their troubles, failures and shortcomings. 
We've had groups from as far away as Japan and Australia," said Karla Ogle, one of the festival organizers. " If there's any money out there we're going to find it," said the mayor. They were good initially, but slowed down to a trickle," said Clyde Wills with the Metropolis Chamber of Commerce. " 
They gave the volunteers four diagrams of human figures and asked them to choose the one that showed the correct size and location of a specific organ. ( Given the accessibility of the Internet and the prominence of health stories in the news media today, Weinman's team expected that people would now know more about their body. Weinman says there's a mountain of evidence to prove that effective communication from doctors increases patient satisfaction and understanding, leading to better clinical outcomes and improved adherence to treatment. 
Markoff's parents, brother, and sister-in-law visited him Friday, having to get through a throng of media members who gathered near the Boston, Massachusetts, jail. All I have to say to you is Philip is a beautiful person inside and out and could not hurt a fly!" The feeling of losing my daughter in this way and the pain she must have felt will haunt me for the rest of my life," Guzman said. " 
Demjanjuk, 89, is wanted by German authorities for his alleged involvement during World War II in killings at Sobibor, a Nazi death camp in Poland. German authorities issued an arrest warrant for Demjanjuk on March 10, accusing him of being an accessory to 29,000 counts of murder as a guard at Sobibor from March to September 1943. He was previously extradited from the United States to Israel, where he was convicted in 1986 of being "Ivan the Terrible," a guard at the notorious Treblinka extermination camp. 
Apy said she found out Monday afternoon about the court's decision, which calls for 8-year-old Sean Goldman to be turned over to the U.S. Consulate in Rio de Janeiro on Wednesday. Apy said she had not received a copy of the Brazilian court decision but expected to get one on Tuesday. A New Jersey man whose efforts to gain custody of his son in Brazil attracted international attention may have finally gotten his wish. 
He warned the newly installed government, under President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed, not to squander those gains by submitting "to American demands" and not abiding by sharia, or Islamic law. " Al-Zawahiri spent the last eight minutes addressing the situation in Afghanistan, Pakistan and Gaza. But Bergen noted that both Somalia and Yemen lack a strong central government and "therefore (are) attractive locations for al Qaeda." " 
Libya has expressed disappointment that it has failed to reap any political and economic benefits promised by the U.S. government and others after Libya renounced terrorism and stopped development of weapons of mass destruction. A joint U.S.-Libyan statement said, "Both parties affirm their desire to work together to resolve all outstanding claims in good faith and expeditiously in the establishment of a fair compensation mechanism." The new negotiations and development of an agreement would ideally fulfill all outstanding lawsuits against Libya and allow investment to move forward. 
The tip line is 603-271-2663, New Hampshire State Police. Before she left campus, police learned, Murray had e-mailed her professors and informed them she'd be absent for a few days because of a death in the family. Tom Shamshak, a private investigator hired by the Murray family to continue the search, said police and volunteers looked for her for two days. " 
Who'll win and who will lose? For more details on the nominees in some of the major categories, check out our gallery of nominees. Winners will be announced February 24. 
Thomas-Rasset downloaded work by artists such as No Doubt, Linkin Park, Gloria Estefan and Sheryl Crow. Jammie Thomas-Rasset's case was the first such copyright infringement case to go to trial in the United States, her attorney said. This was the second trial for Thomas-Rasset. 
For larger cuts, allow the fat to baste the meat while cooking, then trim away before eating, or skim it from the surface of braised dishes or stews. • Niman Ranch Natural Beef and Certified Hereford Beef are two others. • Nutrition • Fat content: The USDA defines "lean beef" as having less than 10 grams (g) of total fat, 4.5g or less of saturated fat, and less than 95 milligrams of cholesterol per 3½-ounce serving (100g) of cooked beef. 
I truly believe that Nirvana, its predecessors and like bands of that time will forever be thought, to me, to be the best and most influential music of my life," she said. " iReport.com: Passing grunge onto the next generation Pat Ferguson said grunge also was crucial to indie rock becoming mainstream. " Hearing "Nevermind" and the band's other albums inspired him to learn guitar as a teenager, and he still plays in a band called Golden Hours. " 
According to Skinner, health officials are still trying to figure out where exactly the virus originated, how transmissible it is and why it is mild in some cases and deadlier in others. In areas with no disease yet, a lot of what we can do sounds simple and repetitive but helps," said Dr. Anne Schuchat, interim deputy director of the CDC's Science and Public Health Program. In addition to washing hands often, she recommends covering your mouth when coughing and sneezing and avoiding touching your eyes and nose in case the virus is on your hands. 
Twenty-five years to the month after Tetris was born, CNN spoke with Pajitnov and Henk Rogers, CEO of Blue Planet Software, the company that manages the exclusive licensing rights to the game. See Josh Levs' interview with Pajitnov and Rogers » CNN: Alexey, I want to start with you. Alexey Pajitnov, Tetris creator: The very first time when my small game started working even without scoring or leveling, I couldn't stop playing. 
Traditionally the largest durable solution for refugees, it was the second-lowest repatriation total in 15 years," the report said. " In 2009, we have already seen substantial new displacements, namely in Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Somalia," Guterres said. " Displaced people's returns were down by 34 percent at 1.4 million people. " 
Watch the latest from the streets of Tehran » One of the critics was Habibolah Asgharoladi, a senior member of a key conservative voting bloc allied with Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, which represents Tehran's influential bazaar merchant class. Key religious conservatives have publicly complained of Ahmadinejad's treatment of the protesters in rallies demanding a new vote. Watch report on online sites that support Ahmadinejad » He added, "I am sorry that some people base their movements and political activities on these rumors that are basically untrue, and I hope this will be corrected." 
Gates said he asked Pace and Adm. William Fallon, the head of U.S. Central Command, to begin examining U.S. options in Iraq months ago, knowing that Petraeus -- the top U.S. commander in Iraq -- was doing the same. " But "they disintegrated in the face of the coalition's first several weeks of combat, so they weren't here," Pace said. I wanted the president this month to have the benefit of more than one senior military voice as he considered the next steps in Iraq," Gates said. " 
Music makes people feel good and with the economy the way it is, people are just stressed to no end, so from a subconscious level it's a really wise thing for the airport to do." Imagine arriving at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Georgia, one of the busiest and most bustling airports in the country. Our New Concessions" reminds travelers about the facility's retail offerings and food service. 
Despite controversial origins and consistent bad press in the United States, Tijuana's border clinics continue to attract people like the Hausers, who are in search of more holistic approaches to cancer treatment. Mexican authorities are much more open to natural therapies because most Mexicans live under the line of poverty so they would not have access to conventional medicine," he said. " Instead of undergoing the debilitating treatments, she went to the Oasis of Hope Hospital in Tijuana, where she received low doses of chemotherapy along with intravenous vitamins. 
He is expected to remain in the intensive care unit for a week, said Lee, chief of the division of plastic surgery and professor of surgery and orthopedic surgery at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. When you don't have either hand, you are often completely dependent on another person, a family member or in Mr. Kepner's case his wife, for a lot of very basic activities during the day." After Kepner leaves the intensive care unit, he is expected to begin three months of physical therapy to gain mobility in his joints, wrists and fingers. " 
Cummings said earlier that he was surprised when he arrived home from work at 3 a.m. Tuesday to see his girlfriend awake, and he asked her why she was up. " Croslin told police she woke up around 3 a.m. to use the bathroom and returned to find the girl missing. CNN's John Couwels, Brad Lendon and Natisha Lance contributed to this report. 
Public relations people circulated versions of the story urging recipients to send it on so eventually it would reach millions of people. The fairy tale nature of the incident was enhanced by the supposed reunion of the couple on a blind date years later when both had moved to America. The optimum way of teaching about the Holocaust and presenting its history is, to quote Detective Joe Friday from the old TV show, "Dragnet," "just the facts, just the facts." 
Watch more about BA's request » A spokesman for one of Britain's biggest unions said its workers could not afford to work for free for a month. " In an e-mail to all its staff, the airline offered workers between one and four weeks of unpaid leave -- but with the option to work during this period. It plans to reduce capacity by 4 percent next winter by parking up to 16 aircraft. 
Clinton was with Richard Holbrooke, President Obama's special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan, when she fell. " CNN's Paul Courson contributed to this report. Clinton was at home "resting comfortably, or uncomfortably. 
David Thompson of the Washington County Sheriff's Office in a news release. " Police released a photo of Korena Roberts, who is charged with murder. Residents in the woman's Mill Creek Drive neighborhood said Roberts had told them she was expecting a child, according to CNN affiliate KPTV. " 
One resident, Carlos Estribi, said he picked up his children in his arms and ran to the public plaza in David, seeking protection since he felt like his house was collapsing. Patients at the Materno Infantil Jose de Obaldia Hospital and the Regional Rafael Hernandez Hospital also fled their rooms. The quake was centered about 235 miles (380 km) west of Panama City, near the town of David, according to the U.S. Geological Survey . 
The Grammys are often better remembered for the colorful performances than the winners, and this year's 3½-hour telecast seemed determined to showcase nominees, often in unusual combinations and settings. Coldplay took home one of the Grammys' big three honors, song of the year, for the title track of their album "Viva La Vida." Rihanna was scheduled to sing "Live Your Life/Disturbia" and Brown was later to sing "Forever." 
Asked about the statement, Pakistan's foreign ministry said the government in Islamabad "has so far not received any information or evidence relating to the Mumbai incident from the government of India." Most of the deaths occurred at the Taj Mahal Palace and the Oberoi-Trident hotels, which reopened on Sunday -- three weeks after the attacks. The attacks left more than 160 people dead, as well as nine of the gunmen. 
In the defense motion filed earlier this month, Vance's public defenders wrote they notified the court in December that he intended to assert his right to remain silent and communicate only through his counsel. In December, the attorneys said they were notified by jail staff that Vance had been taken for a police interview. LRPD detectives have engaged in subterfuge and have violated both the meaning and the express language of a standing court order in their successful attempts to interrogate Mr. Vance outside the presence of counsel." 
The report cites forced laborers trafficked from Asia and Africa who are subject to restrictions on movement, withholding of passports, threats, and physical and sexual abuse. It said thousands of trafficked and forced laborers had been found on plantations growing sugar cane for Brazil's booming production and export of the biofuel ethanol. The report found those countries made weak efforts to rescue the workers and prosecute the traffickers. 
Early this afternoon, Total confirmed that negotiations had started between the workers' employers and ACAS, the British Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service. He said union representatives were in the process of gathering information to hold an official industrial ballot, a process that could take six weeks. The British Press Association published one sacked Lindsey worker's appeal for support from fellow union members: "We are asking for support from workers across the country which I am sure will be given. 
The circus "is in fact in violation of the federal Endangered Species Act as a result of their routine practices that they use on the elephants," according to Tracy Silverman, general counsel for the Animal Welfare Institute. Ringling Bros.' practices are well known to the federal government who regulates their business," says Ringling Bros. attorney Michelle Pardo. Under the law, endangered species cannot be "harmed, harassed, wounded, injured or killed." 
Sosa has always been suspected of using drugs, but now that two lawyers say they saw his name on the infamous sheet, he has gone, according to Rick Telander's column in the Chicago Sun-Times, "from hero to zero." And they did so because baseball was on its way to being comparable to the National Hockey League or soccer in the U.S. -- irrelevant to sports fans. I still have fond memories of my siblings and me, members of the "Astro Buddies" club, heading to the Astrodome, the eighth wonder of the world, to watch the Houston Astros play. 
The 1,400-year-old coins were found in the Giv'ati car park in the City of David in the walls around Jerusalem National Park, a site that has yielded other finds, including a well-preserved gold earring with pearls and precious stones. The coins were minted during the early 7th century. " Researchers discovered the coins at the beginning of the eight-day Jewish holiday of Hanukkah, which started at sunset on Sunday. 
Former world number one Safin reached the semifinals at the All England Club last year. Home hope Andy Murray, who won the Queen's Club tournament on Sunday, is seeded third with Novak Djokovic of Serbia in fourth. But Amelie Mauresmo of France was beaten 7-6 7-6 by Russian Ekaterna Makarova at the WTA tournament in Eastbourne. 
Australian-born full-back Luke McLean landed four penalties for Italy for whom fellow-Aussie Craig Gower was effective and creative in his second start at fly-half. Three first-half tries gave the Wallabies a 20-6 lead at the break and that was a fair reflection of the difference between the teams, but the hosts were held at bay for much of the second half before late tries by Lachie Turner and Ashley-Cooper. The French reply was swift after the restart, with wing Cedric Heymans crossing the line with a superb solo effort and then Julien Dupuy's conversion getting them back into the game. 
A church member was advised by the police that "the situation was getting too tense," and that the group -- 113 people in all -- needed to find a safe place that could accommodate them quickly. The Romanians were "quite scared" upon arrival at the church but "relieved to be out of the situation," she added. CNN's Eve Bower contributed to this report. 
Patients who are currently taking Raptiva should not stop treatment abruptly, but should make an appointment with their doctor to discuss the most appropriate replacement treatment," the agency said. At that time, the FDA directed Genentech, the manufacturer, to develop a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS) to include a medication guide to educate patients about the drug's risks," the FDA's advisory says. By suppressing T-cells, Raptiva "decreases the function of the immune system, which increases a patient's susceptibility to infections," the FDA said. 
North Korea have qualified for the World Cup for the first time since 1966. Earlier on Wednesday, they were denied a victory in Seoul as Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-Sung scored a late equalizer to give South Korea a 1-1 draw. The winners will play New Zealand for a place in the finals, while Iran miss out after finishing fourth in Group 2. 
Twitter is a social networking site that allows users to update what they are doing using 140 characters or less. The governor was on his way to the Santa Monica airport after a speech in Mendota, California, about the drought affecting the state. A little adventure just now when my plane made an emergency landing. 
-- Members of Iran's national soccer team wore green arm and wrist bands Wednesday during their World Cup qualifying match against South Korea. Many Iranians are viewing the team's bands as a sign of support for Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi, although that has not been confirmed. The team does not normally wear green bands. 
Marilyn Damman took her toddler, Steven, and his baby sister, Pamela, to a food market in East Meadow, Long Island, in 1955. The mother went inside to do some quick shopping, leaving her 2-year-old son and baby girl in the stroller outside. CNN's Stacey Newman contributed to this report. 
They include two military test pilots, one fighter pilot and one commercial pilot, plus an engineer and a physicist. " Humans have not walked on the moon since 1972, just over three years after the first manned mission to Earth's nearest neighbor. The six new astronauts named Wednesday were chosen from more than 8,400 candidates, and are the first new ESA astronauts since 1992, the space agency said in a statement. 
Bayer promotes One A Day Men's 50+ Advantage and One A Day Men's Health Formula multivitamins on package labels, TV and radio ads and on its Web site. Both dietary supplements contain 105 micrograms of the trace mineral selenium per daily dose, or about twice the Recommended Daily Allowance, which is 55 micrograms a day for adults, according to the center. David Schardt, the center's senior nutritionist, told reporters during a teleconference that the center already has filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission. " 
Larijani's statement was in direct contrast to that of Khamenei, who in a sermon Friday declared the elections a "definitive victory" for Ahmadinejad and rejected charges of vote rigging. " Rezaie had reported some irregularities and called for a recount of some ballots, while opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi and candidate Mehdi Karrubi have rejected the election as fraudulent and demanded a new one. He is a supporter of Moussavi, while Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei remained staunch in his defense of incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. 
Spain's Prime Minister blamed the attack on the Basque separatist group ETA, although there was no warning call before the explosion, as often happens in ETA attacks. My stance to stop ETA is unbreakable, so that people in the Basque country and Spain can live in peace, to halt this barbarity," said Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, after the attack. The Spanish national police officer killed was Eduardo Puelles, said the new Basque regional president, Patxi Lopez. " 
We at Grace are gratified by today's verdict and thank the men and women of the jury who were open to hearing the facts," said Fred Festa, chairman, president and CEO of the company in a written statement. " Asked if the Justice Department plans to appeal, department spokesman Andrew Ames said, "I wouldn't want to comment on that." The vermiculite was contaminated with tremolite asbestos -- linked to numerous illnesses including mesothelioma, a cancer that can attack the lining of the lungs, abdomen or heart. 
It's funny, because Southern people living in the heart of the Bible belt, there's a Baptist church every 150 feet in that area, and here we are in Sodom, in the city of Sodom," he said. " I told people that I wanted to do for the Old Testament what Monty Python did for the Gospels," he said. " Life of Brian," the Python troupe's 1979 comedy about an assumed messiah that parodied the story of Jesus, was protested by clergy in the U.S. and banned outright in Ireland. 
Twenty-one percent were rated PG-13 and the remaining 5 percent were PG, she said. The Motion Picture Association of America, the industry group that issues ratings and parental guidance for U.S. films, added smoking scenes as a factor in ratings two years ago, but Fielding said it has not made a difference. " I'm willing to bet that not one child would have enjoyed that movie or Mr. Jackman's performance any less if he hadn't been smoking." 
Three people were given medical attention at the scene and a fourth person was taken to a Brooklyn hospital, said a fire department spokesman. Watch video of the rubble » A spokeswoman for that department confirmed that the owner of the collapsed building was cited in May after inspectors noticed several vertical cracks on an exterior wall. Watch video of the rubble That case was scheduled to be heard Monday by the city's Environmental Control Board, which handles citations issued by the buildings department. 
Old Jo' burg was vibrant, there were things going on all the time -- concerts, festivals, clubs -- but in the last 10 years or so it has become a very quiet city at night. Hugh Masekela: "The people of South Africa deserve entertainment, recreation and freedom." HM: When I left South Africa in 1960 I was 20 years old. 
It runs deep, defining her life as an American-born citizen of both Iran and the United States, who refers to Iranians as "my people." " Iranian authorities have cut off traditional communications such as cell phone connections, and also banned foreign news outlets from covering the protests. He's been returned to the hospital, she said, but she doesn't know if he'll be arrested again or what will happen to other relatives. " 
Kono, who gave a kidney to his father, said a total of 81 organ transplants have been conducted in Japan since the transplant law was enacted in 1997, whereas nearly thousands of transplants occur in the United States each year. " Hiroki in an ambulance on the way to catch his flight to New York, where he will wait for a heart. A lot of people in Japan waiting for a transplant, waiting for a liver, a heart, other organs, most of them just die simply because they couldn't get any organs," he said. 
The singer, Suzanne Tamim, was found slain in her apartment in the United Arab Emirates. Prosecutors alleged that Moustafa, a parliament member for the ruling National Democratic Party, paid el Sukkari $2 million to kill Tamim. An Egyptian business tycoon and a former police officer have been found guilty of last July's slaying of a rising Lebanese pop singer. 
And "Down with the dictator" in defiance of Iran's theocracy. -- The Arab world is among the worldwide audience that has been closely watching as events in Iran have unfolded over the past week. Watching the events unfolding in Iran on Twitter, Youtube and other social networks, the Egyptian activist said he is learning from the Iranian activists. 
Society might never have been ready to do what he did -- come to the office in the middle of the night and routinely work 14½ hour days -- had the technology revolution not come along. We're never off the clock; that cell phone may ring at dinnertime, that allegedly urgent e-mail may arrive at 11 p.m., that instant message from the regional manager may pop onto the screen when we're on vacation with our families. Now, we'd like you to buy a printing machine -- you pay for that, and you pay for the ink inside it, and you pay for the paper that feeds into it. 
And I don't know enough about Sen. Obama's position or Sen. McCain's position to pass judgment on either one of them. In an interview Tuesday with Wolf Blitzer on CNN's "The Situation Room," O'Reilly said high demand and a short supply of crude oil were key factors causing gas prices to spike. In all the recent polls, when the American public is asked, who do you blame for these huge gas prices at the pump, they -- more than any other single source -- they blame Big Oil. 
William Gimson will return to his position as the CDC's chief operating officer. Gimson notified CDC employees that HHS acting secretary Charles E. Johnson had announced the appointment. Past HHS secretary Michael Leavitt said that the interim directors would take over until the next HHS nominee -- former Sen. Tom Daschle -- is confirmed and makes the permanent appointments. 
Scott said Peer's visa refusal has precedence: Last year an Israeli men's doubles team was denied entry to Dubai. Watch Peer describe her disappointment » Scott, meanwhile, confirmed: "Following various consultations, the Tour has decided to allow the tournament to continue to be played this week, pending further review by the Tour's Board of Directors. " 6 Venus Williams told The New York Times, adding, "We are all athletes, and we stand for tennis." 
Inside was more than $4,700 dollars in cash -- proceeds from the sale of political merchandise like T-shirts and books. Louis (Missouri) International Airport saw a metal cash box in his carry-on bag. The American Civil Liberties Union has taken up Bierfeldt's cause and is suing Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano, whose department includes the TSA. 
Last year, the country's Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry released documents to CNN affiliate TVNZ that said animals at the park were kept in crowded, unsanitary conditions. The attack took place at the Zion Wildlife Gardens near Whangarei, about three hours north of Auckland. A white tiger mauled a zookeeper to death at a New Zealand wildlife park Wednesday as a group of tourists watched in horror, police say. 
The Commonwealth Fund estimates that the cost of COBRA is four to six times higher than what people pay when they are employed; $4,704 per year for an individual and $12,680 for a family. She stockpiled a six-month supply of lifesaving insulin in the two-week period before she lost her job, but since then has scrimped on the drug to make it last longer. About 46 million people in the United States (18 percent of those under 65) lacked health insurance in 2007. 
With advances in medicine, the babies born with what was once thought of as a sure-fatal virus have danced at their high school proms, walked on stage to receive their diplomas and even experienced the birth of their children. " After fainting from a decimated immune system at the age of 12, Lane started to understand the gravity of her situation. There are kids who are set with, 'I don't want to be in this world. 
The ages of the people affected ranged from 2 to 57 years, though more than 70 percent were younger than 19, and 75 percent were female, the agency said on its Web site. She said there is little chance that the Buitoni products might be tainted, because -- even if the cookie dough is proved to be the source of the outbreak of E. coli 0157:H7 -- it is a kosher product, meaning it is made from a segregated stream of ingredients. According to the CDC, between March 1 and Monday, 70 people in 30 states had been infected with a strain of E. coli. 
Taguman said the farmers could grow more than their current rate of about 300 metric tons per year, but trees take time to grow and long-term financing is hard to come by in Zambia. The general manager of the Zambia Growers Association said the lack of financing is holding back the association's 80 farmers. Watch baristas battle for the world title » Riffel said business at his coffee shop was flat last summer, but sales are up 10 percent for the first quarter of 2009. " 
The rear train was operating on "automatic" mode, which is routine during rush hour, and preliminary evidence shows that the driver may have employed the brakes, Hersman said. The driver of that train, who was among the dead, was Jeanice McMillan, 42, of Springfield, Virginia, Metro spokeswoman Lisa Farbstein said. We don't know at this point whether the operator could see the train in front of her in time to stop," said Deborah Hersman, who is leading the investigation for the National Transportation Safety Board. 
Motivated employees are a great way of delivering what the customer wants, be that service, fast moving consumer goods, innovation, or anything else, and happy customers make employees feel rewarded. As business and marketing environments have become tougher, it's true that those companies that have found out what the king wants -- and provided it -- have been successful. Customer and employee satisfaction and motivation are critical. 
Russians Elena Dementieva and Kuznetsova are seeded fourth and fifth and both have chances should they bring their top game to SW19, although again it is hard to see one of them defeating an in-form Williams sister. In fact, the Williams domination has been so great this century that the 2006 final -- when Mauresmo beat Justine Henin -- is the only final when one of the American duo has not been involved. Sharapova certainly has the powerful game to claim another Wimbledon title, but a persistent shoulder injury has plagued her all year and she comes into the competition poorly prepared. 
We will not be changing it to 'Tsuyoko' since it is loved by citizens (by the current name)," Yamaguchi said. " Still, the Kushiro zoo plans to keep Tsuyoshi because he -- or rather, she -- has become immensely popular with visitors. " Meanwhile, Tsuyoshi's "brother," who was adopted by another zoo, has also turned out to be female, Kyodo reported. -- 
Cambridge University said the 67-year-old is "comfortable" and will stay overnight at Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge. I try to lead as normal a life as possible, and not think about my condition, or regret the things it prevents me from doing, which are not that many," he wrote. In 2004, police completed an investigation into accusations by Hawking's daughter that his second wife was abusing him. 
Pakistani military spokesman Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN that the Pakistani military was involved in freeing Rohde. He won a Pulitzer Prize in 1996 for his reporting on the Srebrenica massacre in Bosnia while working for The Christian Science Monitor. Every day during these past seven months, we have hoped and prayed for this moment," said the statement, which was provided to CNN by The New York Times . 
In handwritten legal documents, in which Kaczynski refers to himself as "K," he claims, "The District Court's orders violate K's First Amendment rights." " Watch why the auction is causing controversy » "Who would think that we would still be sitting, this many years later, still having dealings ... with the man who tried to kill us?" Either we returned all of the property back to Kaczynski, or we sought to maximize its value by holding an auction to put it back towards the $15 million that's owed in restitution." 
It is not the first declaration of war by MEND, which demands that more of Nigeria's oil wealth be invested in the region instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians. At that time, MEND destroyed several oil facilities, forcing Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as many as 1 million barrels of oil per day, or 40 percent. The attacks happened in remote areas, making investigations difficult, he said, adding that the company would not send in investigators until it was certain the area was secure. 
All four brothers ended up in the United States, with Shiro -- ironically -- serving as an American GI in Korea. Ken served in Burma at the Office of War Information. Saburo and Shiro got really hot and stood up, they wanted to fight us." " 
The "towed pinger locators," which help search for emergency beacons on downed aircraft to a maximum depth of 20,000 feet, will be placed aboard two French tugs that are part of the search efforts, the official said. Recovery of bodies and debris is significant not only for families but also for crash investigators, said Mary Schiavo, a former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation. " The jet was en route to Paris, France, from the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro with 228 passengers and crew aboard. 
The waterside restaurants don't shine for their innovative cuisine, but they're worth a stop for the prime real estate -- westward-facing Harbour Town is one of the best spots on the island to catch the sunset. We booked a one-hour tour with H2O Sports (www.h2osportsonline.com or [843] 671-4386) and spent the afternoon watching dolphins play. My personal favorite: the shrimp hash -- a hearty combo of poached eggs, delicate shrimp and spicy sausage -- is like something you'd expect for breakfast on board a fishing boat. 
Today we reveal the truth behind the underground steroid market: dangerous drugs cooked up all too often in filthy conditions with no regard to safety, giving Americans who purchase them the ultimate raw deal," DEA Administrator Karen Tandy said in a statement. The Chinese "have done everything" they were asked to do, said DEA spokesman Rusty Payne. So far, one Chinese lab has been shut down, officials said. 
Developers, eager to build on the 400 acres of prime real estate in the bustling Baltimore/Washington, D.C., corridor, had purchased the 400 acres upon which the dance hall sat. Watch the action on the dance floor » The hall currently has a three-year lease, but Eggrel speculates the dancing could go on for as many as 10 years -- or so he hopes. Private developers are expected to build townhomes, condominiums and retail storefronts on the rolling hills of farmland where Blob's Park stands. 
Jena, Louisiana, is about 140 miles southeast of Shreveport in the north-central part of the state. Bell pleaded guilty to battery in a juvenile court and moved to Monroe, Louisiana. In December 2006, six African-American teenagers were charged with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy in the beating of a white classmate. 
Becker was arrested after a pursuit that reached speeds of more than 80 mph, Cedar Falls police said. We ask that people pray for them as well, and that people take time to comfort and be with them," he said. " Ed Thomas had been with the school district for more than 30 years and was well-known in the region. 
Lisa Marie Nowak, 46, is accused of stalking Air Force Capt. When Shipman cracked it to talk to her, Nowak sprayed her in the face with pepper spray, Shipman said. Nowak's attorneys have said they intend to utilize an insanity defense, saying in court documents her diagnoses include more than a dozen psychiatric disorders. 
He said Cuba would be willing to release prisoners held since a 2003 crackdown on dissidents if the United States would release five Cubans convicted of spying in 2001. Fidel Castro's comments come after signs of a thaw in the decades-old impasse between the United States and the communist-ruled island to its south. one Havana man asked Wednesday. " 
Finding his friend seriously hurt, the pilot dragged him back to shore, away from the crocodiles -- and buried him in sand up to his neck to prevent him from freezing to death. The men, both in their 50s, were about 100 meters (328 feet) from the main beach. The two friends had gone camping on a remote beach without road access, about 130 km (80 miles) from the Northern Territory capital of Darwin. 
And she asked the government to stop the political persecution of her group's leaders, including Alberto Pizango, who faces charges in Peru related to the clashes. The government's responses have diffused tensions, but "had the government done this process of consultation earlier, we wouldn't have seen the blockades, and avoided the violence," Gass said. The government is taking three major steps to address protesters' concerns, Vicki Gass, senior associate for rights and development at the Washington Office on Latin America told CNN. 
During an investigation into pills found at the school, a student told the vice principal that Redding had given her prescription-strength 400-milligram ibuprofen pills. I'm pretty certain that it's so far less likely to happen again" to other students. Wilson's treatment of Redding was abusive, and it was not reasonable for him to believe that the law permitted it," said Ginsburg, who was especially forceful during oral arguments in April, criticizing the school's actions. 
Watch how Neda's proven to be a tipping point » Having gone viral with the help of social networking sites such as Twitter, the video of Neda's death has earned her the highly revered status of martyr. The challenge today, in a time when anyone can post images, is making sure graphic photos or videos are put in context and used by news organizations in a way that moves stories forward, both Paul and Shapiro agreed. Graphic images have long played a role in driving social awareness and change, said Bruce Shapiro, executive director of the Dart Center for Journalism and Trauma. 
The Supreme Electoral Council is to verify final results by November 23, but a tally is possible by next week. " La Prensa newspaper published 40 photographs on its Web site that appear to show discarded ballots and other election material at an unnamed dump. The Sandinista government is led by President Daniel Ortega, a leader in the guerrilla movement that ousted Nicaraguan dictator Anastasio Somoza in July 1979. 
Tehran's prosecutor general's office said it has launched an investigation into the killings. Watch how women are on front line of protests » Meanwhile, a message on opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi's Facebook page, which could not be authenticated, called for a peaceful demonstration in Tehran on Thursday to honor the dead. " While Internet postings on Twitter, Facebook and an Iranian opposition leader's Web site had mentioned a possible rally, it was unclear whether people who were at the square were there for a vigil. 
At the start of this year, more than 9,000 UNAMID peacekeeping troops were deployed to the region to address the fighting and humanitarian suffering. He said the crisis in Darfur is a "media fabrication" and that in most of the region there is little or no conflict and people are living normal lives, he said. The conflict began five years ago when ethnic African tribesmen took up arms, complaining of decades of neglect and discrimination by the Sudanese government. 
However, he failed to score once in the finals and cast a lonely figure watching his former team-mates lift the trophy. Talbot opened the scoring early in the second period and added a second on a two-on-one break midway through the session to help the Penguins to avenge their defeat to the Red Wings in last year's finals. The Penguins, who last won the title in 1992, were depriving the Red Wings of becoming the first team since Detriot themselves (in 1998) to retain the Stanley Cup. " 
The officials said the administration is planning a Monday event at the White House at which Obama will overturn the executive order signed by President George W. Bush in August 2001. At the time, Bush also argued that scientific advances allowed researchers to conduct groundbreaking research without destroying human embryos. Obama's move will be hailed by advocates for those suffering from a host of afflictions, ranging from diabetes to Parkinson's disease, who believe that an expansion of stem-cell research could boost medical progress toward eradicating the debilitating diseases. 
His second son was semi-revealed to the public in Berlin, Germany, when Jackson momentarily dangled the baby, his face hidden beneath a blanket, over a balcony four stories above the ground and a mass of fans. Replete with a zoo, his own amusement park and the bevy of children who surrounded, played and sometimes slept over with him, he proudly set out to recapture the childhood he publicly said he'd never had. People debated whether they consummated that marriage or if artificial insemination played a role, but Jackson left in 1999 with custody of two children, a son known as Prince Michael and a daughter named Paris. 
He later kept a low profile in the United States and spent time in Britain, where his friends included psychic spoonbender Uri Geller and Harrod's owner Mohamed Al Fayed, and also in Bahrain. But in November last year, Jackson was sued by an Arab sheikh at the High Court in London for $7.7 million. From his precocious abilities as the 11-year-old singer in the Jackson 5 to his legendary "moon-walk" dance, the star craved attention, and was rarely disappointed. 
Confusion quickly turned to shock for many, as Jackson's music played in festival bars and news of his demise spread by cell phone. " With a laid-back focus on mainly alternative music, the Glastonbury festival -- expected to attract as many as 137,000 music-lovers -- is not a venue where people would normally expect to hear Jackson's music. Teenage Australian singer Gabriella Cilmi was the first artist at the festival to pay tribute to Jackson, Friday, singing a few bars of song "Billie Jean" during her set. 
Emergency responders from nearby Hill Air Force Base were searching for the pilot. Air Forceofficials will investigate the incident. The crash site was found in a remote area of the range, but no contact has been made with the pilot, the Air Force said. 
Watch woman say she, fellow passengers "went flying" » Video footage of the scene showed two cars of one train lying atop the cars of the other train. Seventy-six people were treated for injuries, including two with life-threatening injuries, said Chief Dennis Rubin of Washington's Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department. A certified nursing assistant who was on one of the trains told CNN affiliate WUSA she was trying to help those in severe condition after the crash, including a lady who appeared to be in her 20s. " 
Watch Larry on his "Remarkable journey" » I'm not sure if I knew the cop. The movie ends with Sergeant Dane firing his machine gun straight into the camera at the Japanese soldiers coming at him in one last act of courage and defiance. Larry King anchors "Larry King Live" at 9 p.m. ET on CNN. 
Unveiled at the Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival this week, the first elements of the campaign can be seen at New York's JFK International, LA International and London Heathrow airports. The initiative is aiming to generate active interest and persuade the public into believing they have a say in the negotiations between world leaders that will ratify a new global climate treaty. " The strategy and creative concept for the Hopenhagen idea came from WPP's Ogilvy & Mather team; digital framework and direction were developed by MDC Partners' Colle+McVoy; and the global PR and messaging plans are spearheaded by Omnicom Group's Ketchum. 
Palmer ousted Ben Hogan and then Jack Nicklaus with a virtually flawless round of 64 to finish on four under and take the U.S. Open crown for the only time in his career by two shots. Tiger Woods celebrates his triumph over pain with victory in the 2008 U.S. Open Since then it has gone on to become one of the most prestigious golf events in the world. 10 Glover conquers Mickelson and Duval 2009 American journeyman Lucas Glover denies Phil Mickelson, a perennial bridesmaid at the event, a fairytale victory at Bethpage Black. 
DreamWorks executives appeared caught by surprise by the King family's infighting, although such squabbles are not new -- Martin King and Bernice King filed a lawsuit against Dexter King last year over publication of their mother's recently discovered love letters. Tom Houck, an Atlanta public relations agent who has known all three children since the 1960s, when he was their father's driver, suggested the dispute could be resolved. " Bernice King and Martin King said they knew nothing about the DreamWorks project. 
I did "Celebrity Fit Club" because there was a purpose behind that in my wanting to lose weight. CNN: Are you a gospel music fan? She has modeled, served as a spokesperson for plus-sized clothier Lane Bryant and Jenny Craig and appeared on VH1's "Celebrity Fit Club." 
A concert tour was cut short in November 1993 because of an addiction to prescription painkillers amid allegations of child molestation. If resuscitation takes longer than three to five minutes, a person could experience profound impairments, particularly neurologically, he said. During a rehearsal at the Beacon Theater in New York in December 1995, the entertainer collapsed onstage from apparent dehydration and low blood pressure and was hospitalized. 
He also admitted Wednesday that he had not hiked the Appalachian Trail during his absence -- as his staff had said earlier -- but had been in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The State, the Columbia-based newspaper that acquired what it said were e-mail exchanges between Sanford and the woman in Argentina, acknowledged Thursday that there would likely be people who would call for the governor's resignation. " After disappearing from the public eye for nearly a week, Gov. Mark Sanford, 49, admitted to having an extramarital affair with an Argentine woman. 
Office workers were preparing for an afternoon meeting with City Council President Kenneth V. Cockrel Jr. later Friday. According to state law, Conyers will have to forfeit her seat, Tolliver said. They found out about the developments through news reports, said Denise Tolliver, Conyers' deputy chief of staff. " 
Michael Jackson has always been an inspiration to me as far as his music is concerned," Rapper Snoop Dogg told MTV in 2001. " Producer Dallas Austin worked with him on Michael Jackson's "HIStory: Past, Present and Future" and, like the rest of the world, was stunned by his death. " He was as big in the Middle East and Southeast Asia as he was in America and Europe," Greenberg said. " 
James Boren, an attorney for Bailey, added, "We're all proud of our clients, who are doing well." " At the hearing, attorneys representing the five men read a statement expressing sympathy to the Barkers and acknowledging that Justin Barker did not use a racial slur. The case drew national headlines when the teens were charged with attempted murder and conspiracy to commit attempted murder. 
The BET Awards is scheduled to run live on the cable network Sunday at 8 p.m. Many of the celebrities scheduled to attend the show were also fans of the singer and it is expected that the night will provide an opportunity for them to salute the star. " Artists Alicia Keys and Wyclef Jean are to be honored with the Humanitarian Award for their respective charitable work. 
Randy Phillips, president and CEO of AEG Live, last week denied reports that Jackson had skin cancer. " The delay is "due to the sheer magnitude" of the concerts, AEG said. Michael, who is directly involved with all aspects of the styling/choreography/band selection and rehearsals, is working around the clock to ensure this is the show to end all shows!" 
These are tried and true diagnostic methods that have been used in A/C system diagnostics and repairs for years and are guaranteed to track down the most stubborn A/C leaks. How the system works: Vacuum is collected in a vacuum reserve chamber; this device usually resembles a plastic ball or a coffee can. It is essential that all of the R12 be removed, because the mixing of R12 with R134A results in 'system meltdown. 
Having experienced unscrupulous people in the music industry and been through her own personal upheaval through two failed marriages, Lennox remain passionate, energetic and sanguine. Growing up in Aberdeen, Scotland, Lennox found enormous success with Eurythmics and the 1983 album "Sweet Dreams" and single of the same name. Annie Lennox will continue to SING with her AIDS awareness charity. 
Members of the Fritzl family will also be offered the chance to adopt new identities in an effort to help them lead normal lives, officials said. Kepplinger said the two sets of children were tentatively getting to know one another, adding that the two boys who had lived underground had an unusual way of communicating with each other. Pulling them abruptly out of this situation, without transition, to hold them and isolating them to some extent, it can't be good for them," said Kampusch, now 20, in an interview with Austrian TV station Puls 4. " 
Setbacks and embarrassments were occasionally offset by a tour or show that transported us back to the better, happier times when we were willing to overlook real life for our most elemental dreams of release. Especially because it was Michael Jackson, who seemed too dominant, too other-worldly and, more than anything, too complex to be brought down by anything as simple as cardiac arrest. However divided (or worse) we may have felt about Michael Jackson at the end, we cherish how he brought out the best in us at the beginning. 
This Friday evening throughout Iran, people will be lighting candles in memory of Neda and others who have died in the past few days. Thirty years hence that fire still burns in Iran, because moments before her death, Neda Agha Soltan cried: "I'm on fire!" Let it loom so large to wipe away the memory of the thugs marching American hostages out of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran. 
As news of his death spread, stunned fans began to react and remember one of the most remarkable careers in music. He was 50. He died at UCLA Medical Center. 
In Adelaide, Australia, Christos Winter of the MJ Fan Club had organized a petition to bring Jackson to tour there. " On Friday, Chinese netizens had set up a Web site memorial to Jackson, and on Fanfou.com, China's version of Twitter, the pop star has become the most popular tag. Pedestrians in Sydney, Australia, watch a TV screen announcing Michael Jackson's death on Friday. 
By the rules of the game, however, they can't advertise to the public since they don't want to compete with the dealership's retail sales team. To buy your vehicle direct from the dealership's Fleet Department, simply call the dealership and ask to speak with the Fleet Manager. All you have to do is choose the vehicle brand and model you wish to purchase as well as provide some basic contact information such as your name and e-mail address. 
I saw the Victory Tour at Dodger Stadium in 1984," posted a man on his Facebook status update. " By Thursday evening, 9 of the 10 top trending topics on micro-blogging site Twitter were about Michael Jackson. While most fans celebrated Jackson's buoyant music and dynamic stage presence, others viewed him as a tragic figure with an increasingly bizarre public image who, in his later years, battled child molestation charges and mounting debt. 
And the laughing crowd did indeed seem to be celebrating, rather than mourning: Hanging off lampposts and standing atop telephone booths, people were brandishing everything from white paper gloves to black hats and face masks. Watch video of the crowd singing to Billie Jean » British television presenter Gail Porter was also at the tribute: "As soon as I saw it on Twitter, I thought 'let's go and have a dance'," she told CNN while twittering away on her cell phone. Eventually the crowd was allowed to gather outside, attracting many more tourists, commuters and passers-by to join in the event. " 
With a service called TV Everywhere, Comcast and Time Warner will give cable subscribers access to "premium" television content via broadband, and later cellphone connections. Jeffrey Bewkes, chairman and CEO of Time Warner, speaks at the NCTA conference in Washington. There's nothing to stop television networks from putting their content on both Hulu and TV Everywhere, because TV Everywhere's contract will be non-exclusive, according to Bewkes. 
Defending champion Eun-Hee Ji also missed the cut after completing a 71 which saw her seven over the card. South Korean Shin Jiyai had led by three strokes overnight after posting a 68 which gave her a 36-hole total of 11-under-par 133. The 18-year-old had to complete her second round on Saturday along with half of the 140-player field due to delays of almost five hours following thunderstorms in the area. 
The messages from Mark Sanfordcompliment the woman on her "tan lines" and "gentle kisses." As romantic e-mails between her husband and his mistress were published by a local newspaper Thursday, the state's first lady, a former Wall Street executive, stayed far away from reporters. This is a classy woman who lacks pretension," Mosteller said. " 
I was a high school student in 1983, when the video for "Thriller" was released, getting plenty of air time on MTV. He blew that door wide open with "Beat It," which featured a guitar solo by the reigning rock god of the day, Eddie Van Halen. His videos became cultural events and his success laid waste to the notion that white rock audiences wouldn't tune in for "black" music. 
That flight sent 24 automated error messages in the four minutes before it crashed, the head of the French accident investigation board, Paul-Louis Arslanian, has said. The planes landed safely and there were no injuries or damage, the National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday. The probes were launched in the aftermath of the June 1 crash in the Atlantic Ocean -- when Air France Flight 447 was flying to Paris, France, from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. 
The president said the bill will spark a "clean energy transformation" of the U.S. economy and "make possible the creation of millions of new jobs." " The House vote came one day after President Obama made an urgent plea for congressional approval in what could be an early make-or-break test of his young administration. " Now is the time for us to lead," Obama said during an appearance Thursday in the White House Rose Garden. " 
Of World Refugee Day, actress and humanitarian Angelina Jolie says, "Please do not forget them, and remember them on this day." Southern Arizona and parts of New Mexico see heavy rain during the North American monsoon season, which runs from June 15 through September 30. Fasullo says the threat for flooding can be "continual from late June through early September." 
Far too many individuals with HIV don't know that they're infected. Research indicates the majority of new sexually transmitted HIV infections are transmitted by people who do not know they are HIV-infected. Nearly 30 years after the start of the epidemic, far too many people continue to be diagnosed late in the course of their infection. 
Presley says, "I loved him very much" and believes he loved her. Elvis Presley collapsed in the bathroom of his Memphis, Tennessee, mansion -- Graceland -- on August 16, 1977, at the age of 42. A predicted ending by him, by loved ones and by me, but what I didn't predict was how much it was going to hurt when it finally happened." 
By that time, the three oldest boys -- Jackie, Tito and Jermaine -- had started their own group, which Marlon and Michael eventually joined. In the mid-1970s, the band -- minus Jermaine, who'd married Gordy's daughter Hazel -- moved to Epic Records, where they were produced by the Philadelphia soul-funk team of Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff. He quickly said, imagining his father's reaction, "Please don't be mad at me." 
Ahmadinejad's predecessor, Mohammed Khatami, condemned the attacks and cooperated with the U.S.-led campaign to topple al Qaeda's Taliban allies in Afghanistan that followed. Ahmadinejad also has drawn fire for his hard-line anti-Israel stance and his insistence that Iran will defy international demands that it halt its production of enriched uranium. He has questioned the existence of the Holocaust, the genocidal Nazi campaign against European Jews, and warned Europeans that they may pay a heavy price for its support of Israel. 
Tehran's prosecutor general's office said it has launched an investigation into the killings. Watch how women are on front line of protests » Meanwhile, a message on opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi's Facebook page, which could not be authenticated, called for a peaceful demonstration in Tehran on Thursday to honor the dead. " While Internet postings on Twitter, Facebook and an Iranian opposition leader's Web site had mentioned a possible rally, it was unclear whether people who were at the square were there for a vigil. 
The Cavs, powered by James, won 66 regular season games and their first eight in the playoffs before coming unstuck against the Magic. His career averages are 24.7 points, 11.3 rebounds and 2.4 blocked shots, with his peak seasons coming as he led the Lakers to three straight titles from 2000-02. They will be hoping that O'Neal will be the final piece in the jigsaw to land the first American sports championship for Cleveland in 45 years. 
In Adelaide, Australia, Christos Winter of the MJ Fan Club had organized a petition to bring Jackson to tour there. " On Friday, Chinese netizens had set up a Web site memorial to Jackson, and on Fanfou.com, China's version of Twitter, the pop star has become the most popular tag. Pedestrians in Sydney, Australia, watch a TV screen announcing Michael Jackson's death on Friday. 
The Series 1000 cars comprise a quarter of Metro transit's 1,126 cars, or nearly 300 cars, Gates said. The crash, the worst in the history of Washington's transit system, known as the Metro, occurred along the congested Red Line just before 5 p.m. Monday on an above-ground track section near Takoma Park, Maryland. All the fatalities were on the striking train, Train 112, Metro transit spokeswoman Angela Gates told CNN on Wednesday. 
Smithson: He had never watched "American Idol" and he didn't know who I was. As soon as Ben [Moody] came to me, he was actually someone that I had in mind, after coming off the "Idol" tour, to go and try and work with. She said, "Well, actually we are out right now and we're going to be at the house in about 20 minutes." 
Yet Koolhaas still feels a sense of unease being labeled a "Starchitect." " Koolhaas admits that the current economic climate is not particularly favorable to big and bold architectural plans, but from adversity comes creativity. " Responsible for the iconic CCTV headquarters in Beijing the Dutch architect was named one of "The World's Most Influential People" by Time magazine. 
Jena, Louisiana, is about 140 miles southeast of Shreveport in the north-central part of the state. Bell pleaded guilty to battery in a juvenile court and moved to Monroe, Louisiana. In December 2006, six African-American teenagers were charged with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy in the beating of a white classmate. 
Demmellash and Forrester -- now married -- have helped 250 entrepreneurs and small-business owners in New Jersey so far, 70 percent of whom are single mothers. Participants pay a small materials and registration fee based on their income range: either $100 or $225 for the course that Demmellash says would cost thousands of dollars otherwise. Watching her mother sew beautiful gowns for low profits, Demmellash thought there had to be a way for her to increase what she was making as a seamstress. " 
A Pakistani militant who is a high-ranking official in al Qaeda is leading the fighting in Somalia against the government, said Sheikh Adan Madowe, Somalia's parliament speaker. Al-Shabaab, also known as the Mujahideen Youth Movement, was officially designated as a terrorist organization by the United States in March 2008. There is growing concern that Somalia could be the next base for al Qaeda as U.S. forces pound their positions in Afghanistan and Pakistan. 
Francis Ford Coppola, the most recent notable to tap into the vibrant scene, opened an Argentine unit of his Zoetrope production company last year to film his Buenos Aires-set family drama "Tetro," which is anticipated to be released next year. Pablo Trapero's latest movie "Lion's Den" stars Martina Gusman (left) and was in competition at Cannes. Waiting for the Messiah" (2000), "Lost Embrace" (2004) and "Family Law" (2006) make up the trilogy of films about fatherhood for which he has gained praise. 
I still feel the desire to play and it will be me alone who decides when to call it a day. " He signed a two-year contract with New Zealand province North Harbour in 2005, and also played for Welsh club Cardiff Blues during the southern hemisphere's off-season. Lomu agreed to play in a charity match in England last year, but withdrew after injuring his ankle in training. 
Watch Sosa explain her expectations » Relief over her family's survival can't undo the trauma she endured after the January 15 landing, during which she had to scramble over seats with her infant son, Damian, in tow. See other notable air accidents » U.S. Airways hired a firm to restore and return thousands of personal items to passengers -- items ranging from boarding tickets to suitcases. Commenting for AIU, Robert Hartwig, president of the Insurance Information Institute, said he concurred that the airline and insurer had fulfilled their obligations. " 
This year we didn't have as big a global turnout as we hoped for but there have been a lot of challenges -- so we're pleased to have 26 teams here." So, is the competition restricted to only gay and lesbian players? There are a lot of places in the world where gays and lesbians aren't accepted." 
Actress Jennifer Aniston and her ex-husband, Brad Pitt, were eighth and ninth, respectively, on the strength of successful movies and tabloid headlines. Winfrey, who was at the top for two years straight, grossed $275 million last year, compared with Jolie's $27 million, Miller said. " Basketballer Kobe Bryant's endorsements and popularity, boosted by his play on the U.S. Olympic team, jumped to the 10th spot. 
During an investigation into pills found at the school, a student told the vice principal that Redding had given her prescription-strength 400-milligram ibuprofen pills. I'm pretty certain that it's so far less likely to happen again" to other students. Wilson's treatment of Redding was abusive, and it was not reasonable for him to believe that the law permitted it," said Ginsburg, who was especially forceful during oral arguments in April, criticizing the school's actions. 
Hellboy, the protagonist of "Hellboy II: The Golden Army," has a bit of the devil in him: His skin is red; he has two shorn-off horns on his head, a gargantuan club fist and a long, slippery tail. Highbrows may damn "Hellboy II" as a "comic book movie," though even they would have to grant that its wonderful idiosyncrasies indicate brilliance. When a filmmaker can invest even a puff of smoke with so much chutzpah you know he's on to something. 
Until then further explorations in language and music beckon, and there have been recent collaborations with house music DJ Paul Oakenfold and French chill-out duo Deep Forest in Europe. " Earlier this year she won a BBC Radio 3 World Music Award as well as performing at the Royal Albert Hall in London. Born to a Mongolian mother and Han Chinese father, she sings in Mandarin, Tibetan, Sanskrit, and the rare dialect of Lagu, while fusing chill-out beats and floaty instrumentation played on zither, horse head fiddle and bamboo flute. 
About 30 percent of people carry staph in their noses without exhibiting symptoms, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. University of North Carolina-Asheville fans also recently learned that Kenny George, the 7-foot-7 center on the basketball team, had a staph infection complication that led to part of his foot being amputated. Winslow said in a statement released through his publicist, Denise White of EAG Sports Management, that he had been discouraged from making the issue public. " 
Harris said she has left the ULM campus and returned home. Vice President of Student Affairs Wayne Brumfield told students "there are no words to express the dismay at what happened in that video ... We're here tonight because the action of one or two set our university in motion." Smith said she taped it on the banks of the Red River in Alexandria, Louisiana, and posted it on her Facebook page, according to The News-Star. 
Valerie Rojas Pruitt, 12, lights a candle Friday at Michael Jackson's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The star emblem had been covered until almost 3 a.m. by a red carpet for the premiere of the Sasha Baron Cohen film "Bruno" at Grauman's Chinese Theater, but fans started leaving mementos as soon as the carpet was removed. U.S. fans of Michael Jackson are pouring out their grief through music and dance, impromptu shrines at symbolic locations and heartfelt remembrances online. 
He estimates he was electrocuted "half a dozen times" during the course of the night. You are massively wrapped up in emotions there because you've spent three and a half years preparing for it," says Bunting, who now runs his own outdoor events company in the Bavarian Alps. During the same season as Bunting's army expedition, David Sharp, a 34-year-old British climber died of cold, exhaustion and lack of oxygen on his descent from the summit. 
No rain is predicted for the next few days, but the National Meteorological Service predicts that the winds will change direction soon, dispersing the smoke. E-mail to a friend Journalist Brian Byrnes contributed to this report. Citing a high level of carbon monoxide in the air, officials have encouraged people not to exercise outside. 
According to the National Weather Service, "each spark of lightning can reach over five miles in length, soar to temperatures of approximately 50,000 degrees Fahrenheit and contain 100 million electrical volts." Six of the 15 lightning-strike deaths in the U.S. so far this year occurred in California, Texas and Florida, with the rest scattered through the South, Midwest and West. Lightning is very random in terms of fatalities," National Weather Service lightning safety expert John Jensensius told CNN. " 
I still feel the desire to play and it will be me alone who decides when to call it a day. " He signed a two-year contract with New Zealand province North Harbour in 2005, and also played for Welsh club Cardiff Blues during the southern hemisphere's off-season. Lomu agreed to play in a charity match in England last year, but withdrew after injuring his ankle in training. 
The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday that McMahon was $644,000 in arrears on a $4.8 million loan for a home in Beverly Hills, California, and his lender had filed a notice of default. But now, I'll tell you what's happened, oddly enough. And you always want to take great care of all of your friends and your family and everybody, and you do. 
Harrison is a two-time inductee of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, once as a Beatle and once as a solo artist. You know, I don't like to overuse the word spirituality, but, you know, he was interested in things not of this world." Critics and fans agree the album is among the best solo offerings from a former Fab. 
CNN's Karen Bonsignore contributed to this report. She was 62, and had been battling anal cancer on and off for three years. She starred as a battered wife in the 1984 TV movie "The Burning Bed." 
Many said they are angry the students, dubbed the "Jena 6," are being treated more harshly than three white students who hung nooses from an oak tree on high school property. Blanco made the announcement with civil rights leaders Martin Luther King III and Al Sharpton. The altercation was the culmination of racially tense events in the town, including two fights sparked by the hanging of the nooses. 
Separately, archaeologists have uncovered an image of St. Paul which "could be considered the oldest icon of the apostle known to date," the Vatican's official newspaper reported Sunday. It currently lies under a marble tombstone bearing the Latin inscription PAULO APOSTOLO MART (Apostle Paul, martyr), according to the Web site of the basilica. Tiny fragments of bone" in the sarcophagus were subjected to carbon dating, showing they "belong to someone who lived in the first or second century," the pope said in a homily carried on Italian television. " 
Still, Ripken said he probably would "stick his nose in" if the Orioles became available. It was presented to him the night he broke Lou Gehrig's record for consecutive games played. The Longest Season" tells the story of the 21-game losing streak Ripken and his Orioles teammates endured in 1988 and teaches the lessons of perseverance. 
Collins interviewed the women and children, who all gave the same story: Thurmond had forced the wife, three sons (9, 13 and 14 years old) and his 12-year-old daughter to remain inside. The only indication that one existed, Medina said, was that he and his wife both signed a lease August 22, 2005, and noted on their application that they had three sons and a daughter. " The locals know each other, if only by face, and the police chief personally directs school traffic and walks the entire town daily to check on local businesses. 
Nearly all hate crime investigations and prosecutions in the United States are handled by state and local authorities, such as the Boston Police or Washington, D.C., Metropolitan Police. In 2007, hate-motivated homicides claimed nine lives, up from three in 2006, and the last year has seen a steady stream of violent plots and attacks against symbolic targets by hardened hate-mongers. Gone are the days where masses of federal agents and soldiers had to swoop into states to protect new students and freedom riders from thugs in Klan-dominated municipalities. 
Kaka parades his new Real Madrid jersey after completing his $92 million transfer to the Spanish giants. Latest transfer gossip and rumors Kaka, who completed his medical earlier in the day having landed in the Spanish capital in the morning, has penned a six-year contract and has cost Madrid a reported $92 million. That deal was finalized on Friday night and will come into effect from Wednesday, with Ronaldo, who like Kaka will be tied to the Spanish giants until 2015, being presented on July 6. 
This is the most complete, consistent global digital elevation data yet made available to the world," said Woody Turner, a program scientist at NASA headquarters in Washington. During February 2000, space shuttle Endeavour mapped about 80 percent of the planet's surface. " The ASTER data fill in many of the voids in the shuttle mission's data, such as in very steep terrains and in some deserts," said Michael Kobrick, a shuttle project scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, which manages the program. " 
However," he said in a regular press conference last week, "no matter how many different views there are, the Chinese government assumes the responsibility to protect our youth from unhealthy information on the Internet, and so do various social circles and enterprises. Watch why the filtering software mandate has been postponed » The extent to which the software's can block harmful content is still in question. We hereby decide that from July 1 2009, we will start a full-scale global attack on all censorship systems you control," the message said. 
Jackson's songs were on the Top 10 download lists in 21 countries, according to iTunes' Web site early Wednesday. Watch crowds pack Apollo Theater for Jackson tribute » In the United States and United Kingdom, Jackson's introspective song, "Man in the Mirror," was No. 1 album to fourth place, Billboard said. 
Bollywood's recent financial growth has been as dizzying as the swirling dancers, colorful costumes and pulsating music that typify the industry's films. Balsara heads Ernst & Young's media and entertainment division in Mumbai and looks at trends in the market. It's become more difficult now to green light films; to be able to think of developing films," Nikhil Advani of People Tree Films who works as both a producer and a director told CNN. " 
Apart from his work for CNN, in recent years Bittermann has been a featured speaker at journalism events such as the International Diplomacy Institute, as well as lecturing and moderating panels at the World Economic Forum in Davos. Founded in 1802 by Napoleon Bonaparte to recognize outstanding accomplishment, the chevalier is given annually to around 3,500 Frenchmen and women -- but few non-nationals. At a special ceremony presided over by the Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner in Paris Tuesday, Bittermann was presented with the "chevalier" (knight) of the National Order of the Legion of Honor. 
Clinton said the woman ran into trouble and went to a hospital in a nearby county but was denied treatment because she couldn't afford a $100 payment. It is so wrong, in this good, great and rich country, that a young woman and her baby would die because she didn't have health insurance or a hundred dollars to get examined," she said. As recently as Friday night in Grand Forks, North Dakota, Clinton said she was "just aching inside" as she was listening to the story. " 
He was arrested again in March 2006 near Palm Springs, California, after a police chase and standoff. Sources close to the investigation say they think Kimball killed Marcum and buried her body near Rifle, Colorado. DNA tests are pending to confirm the victim's identity, and the cause of death is pending a forensic examination, authorities said. 
After a rainy start to the morning, our upbeat guides for the day, director Bram Levy and guide Roget Lerner, drove a group of 12 north of the city to Harriman State Park. At the end of the day, sweaty, sore and smiling, I realized why Urban Escapes NYC was defying the recession. With a plethora of affordable outdoor excursions, cheerful guides and a youthful mindset, the company was the ideal destination for an urban professional with a slim wallet. 
He also influenced a new generation of black musicians, including Usher, Ne-Yo and Kanye West, according to Joycelyn Wilson, a professor of African-American studies at Morehouse College, who specializes in popular culture and hip-hop studies. Contee upset some commenters on her blog when she highlighted both the positive and negative aspects of Jackson's life, or what she termed his "mixed legacy." " Watch Yetnikoff talk about getting Jackson's videos played » Soon Jackson's videos were heavily in rotation on MTV. 
The mandatory checks for fuselage cracks were required after the cabin of an Aloha Airlines 737 tore apart in midair in 1988, killing a flight attendant. The CEO of Southwest Airlines said Friday he has ordered an investigation into charges the discount carrier flew airplanes that weren't properly inspected for safety. We worked out with the FAA how to fix that problem, and we fixed it," he said on CNN's "American Morning." 
I think he was a modern-day prophet," Son said outside Grauman's Chinese Theater in Hollywood. " Judge Mitchell Beckloff held an emergency hearing Wednesday morning and decided there was no urgency to replace Katherine Jackson -- whom he appointed temporary administrator earlier this week. The other is music industry executive John McClain, a longtime Jackson friend who has worked with him and his sister Janet. 
Esmaeil Ahmadi said, according to Iranian state-run media reports on Wednesday. That outrage sparked bloody street protests and a clampdown on international media coverage, as well as access to certain Web sites. I know Moussavi as one of the faithful, original and valuable capitals of our revolution, and considered his return to the political scene as a great chance." 
The thick silence in New York's Central Library masks a phantom infestation -- and they're not going quietly. But it's Oliver Reed's dark and sinister Bill Sykes who stayed with us -- and left us wanting more. Comic relief from the ewes, subtle special effects and a heartwarming turn from James Cromwell as Farmer Hoggett make this a magical tale for all. 
HA): Well, anything is possible, but with the slowdown in the United States, and I don't know what effect in Asia, $70 or $80 is more likely than $100 this year. JD): I have talked to both the OECD and the International Monetary Fund and there is discussion about establishing a set of rules to adhere to for these funds. JD): President Bush, during his swing through the Gulf States, was asking the producers to put more oil on the market because of the U.S. recession that may be pending. 
In addition to his TV and radio appearances, he has written newspaper advice columns and a self-help book, "Real Life, Real Love." In a message posted on the Miami archdiocese Web page, the archbishop apologized to parishioners and radio listeners for what he called a "scandal." " Father Cutie's actions cannot be condoned despite the good works he has done as a priest." 
On Friday, the Navy arrested the wife of Soosai, a leader of Sea Tigers -- the ocean-going arm of the rebel group. Sri Lanka's defense ministry says this handout photo shows troops with a captured Tamil Tiger craft Thursday. The rebels -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) -- have fought for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka since 1983. 
Pete Docter: There is an amazing group of computer scientists that really approach these things both as an artist but also as a scientist. Steve May: Even though we have a cartoony world, you are trying to make the audience believe that the world and the characters exist. May: And then when Russell is on the front porch of the house and you look down and see how far down it is, the audience is scared. 
Judge Sonia Sotomayor would be the first Hispanic woman to serve on the Supreme Court. Same-sex couples in California, however, suffered a defeat Tuesday when California's Supreme Court upheld the Proposition 8 ballot initiative in 2009 that outlawed same-sex marriage. Of the 110 people who have served on the Supreme Court, 11 have been Catholic. 
Uncle Sam vs. Che' if you really want to boil it down to what Latin America and its ugly history in part has been," he said. " Hollywood has given Che the treatment twice: in 2004's "Motorcycle Diaries" and last year in a two-part biopic starring Benicio Del Toro. Whether or not people believe in Che's hard-line version of Marxism, they want hope," Casey said. " 
