"I don't plan to be one of those people who, as soon as they turn 18, suddenly buy themselves a massive sports car collection or something similar," he told an Australian interviewer earlier this month.At 18, Radcliffe will be able to gamble in a casino, buy a drink in a pub or see the horror film "Hostel: Part II," currently six places below his number one movie on the UK box office chart.The Londoner has filmed a TV movie called "My Boy Jack," about author Rudyard Kipling and his son, due for release later this year.
Mentally ill people often won't do what they're told when police arrive on the sceneAt first, it's hard to determine where the people are.Leifman says 200 years ago people were considered "lunatics" and they were locked up in jails even if they had no charges against them.
At home when he heard about the disaster, Dr. John Hink, an emergency room physician, jumped into his car and rushed to the scene in 15 minutes.Occasionally, a pickup truck with a medic inside would drive to get an injured person and bring him back up even ground, Hink told CNN.Melissa Hughes, 32, of Minneapolis, told The Associated Press that she was driving home when the western edge of the bridge collapsed under her.
Doctors removed five small polyps from President Bush's colon on Saturday, and "none appeared worrisome," a White House spokesman said.Bush reclaimed presidential power at 9:21 a.m. after about two hours.The procedure was supervised by Dr. Richard Tubb, Bush's physician, and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, the White House said.
NFL star Michael Vick is set to appear in court Monday.Earlier, Vick admitted to participating in a dogfighting ring as part of a plea agreement with federal prosecutors in Virginia.In papers filed Friday with a federal court in Virginia, Vick also admitted that he and two co-conspirators killed dogs that did not fight well.
Dressed in a Superman shirt, 5-year-old Youssif held his sister's hand Friday, seemingly unaware that millions of people across the world have been touched by his story.Youssif holds his sister's hand Friday."I was so happy I didn't know what to do with myself," his mother, Zainab, told CNN, a broad smile across her face.
Suha, 37, is a mother of three."People shouldn't criticize women, or talk badly about them," says 37-year-old Suha as she adjusts the light colored scarf she wears these days to avoid extremists who insist women cover themselves.A mother of three, she wears light makeup, a gold pendant of Iraq around her neck, and an unexpected air of elegance about her.
Officials said the army's Rapid Response Force, backed by elements of the Colombian Air Force, tracked Medina Caracas down at a FARC camp in the jungle in the south of the country. "Medina Caracas commanded FARC's 16th Front in the southern departments of Vichada and Guainia.A key rebel commander and fugitive from a U.S. drug trafficking indictment was killed over the weekend in an air attack on a guerrilla encampment, the Colombian military said Monday.
White House press secretary Tony Snow will step down from his post on September 14.According to The Washington Post, Snow makes $168,000 as the White House spokesman.Snow said he's received great satisfaction from talking to people about his illness.
Police and FBI agents are investigating the discovery of an empty rocket launcher tube on the front lawn of a Jersey City, New Jersey, home, FBI spokesman Sean Quinn said.The nearest military base, Fort Dix, is more than 70 miles from Jersey City.Al Qaeda doesn't leave a rocket launcher on the lawn of middle-aged ladies," said Paul Cruickshank of New York University Law School's Center on Law and Security.
As he awaits a crucial progress report on Iraq, President Bush will try to put a twist on comparisons of the war to Vietnam by invoking the historical lessons of that conflict to argue against pulling out.President Bush pauses Tuesday during a news conference at the North American Leaders summit in Canada.Our nation was misled by the Bush Administration in an effort to gain support for the invasion of Iraq under false pretenses, leading to one of the worst foreign policy blunders in our history.
Police defuse a bomb consisting of 200 liters of fuel, gas cylinders and nails found in an abandoned car in Haymarket, central London.Two weeks after the deadly 7/7 bombings, four men are alleged to have attempted to carry out a second wave of attacks against London's transport network at three London underground stations and aboard a bus.A car bomb explodes outside the BBC's London headquarters, wounding one man.
"I'm here to win titles with Werder," the 22-year-old said after his first training session with his new club.Their poor relationship came to a climax at a Copa Sul-Americana game against Club Atlético Lanús, and Carlos Alberto declared that he would not play for Corinthians again while Leão remained as manager.Since January this year he has been on loan with his first club Fluminense.
Bush is scheduled to have the medical procedure, expected to take about 2 1/2 hours, at the presidential retreat at Camp David, Maryland, Snow said.The procedure will be supervised by Dr. Richard Tubb and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, Snow said.Snow said that was the case when Bush had colonoscopies before becoming president.
-- A magnitude 4.2 earthquake shook the San Francisco area Friday at 4:42 a.m. PT (7:42 a.m. ET), the U.S. Geological Survey reported.The quake left about 2,000 customers without power, said David Eisenhower, a spokesman for Pacific Gas and Light.Oakland is just east of San Francisco, across San Francisco Bay.
Isaac Arellano holds a candle and sings during a fundraiser for miners Tuesday in Price, Utah."Over the past 25 days, the Mine Safety and Health Administration has exhausted all known options in our attempt to reach the six miners," Richard Stickler, head of the agency, said in a statement."We basically told the families that at this point in time we've run out of options," Stickler said at a news conference late Friday.
Later Thursday, Algeria's Interior Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni said "a suspect person who was among the crowd attempted to go beyond the security cordon," but the person escaped "immediately after the bomb exploded," the press service reported.Bouteflika made his visit to Batna as planned, adding a stop at a hospital to visit the wounded before he returned to the capital.Bouteflika said terrorist acts have nothing in common with the noble values of Islam, the press service reported.
She goes in pursuit of the current hottest property on the sports/celebrity circuit in the U.S. and along the way explores exactly what's behind the man with the golden boot.We'll look at the highs (scoring against Greece), the lows (being sent off during the World Cup), the Man.The perception that in the U.S.A. soccer is a "game for girls" after the teenage years is changing.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture says honey bees are responsible for pollinating $15 billion worth of crops each year in the United States.Signs of colony collapse disorder were first reported in the United States in 2004, the same year American beekeepers started importing bees from Australia.For some reason, the Australian bees seem to be resistant to IAPV and do not come down with symptoms.
Meanwhile, finance minister Alistair Darling said the Bank of England had stepped in "to create a stable banking system".Long lines formed before counters opened at the Northern Rock building society, one of the UK's top five lenders, as worried customers ignored reassurances from the bank and the government.Shares in Northern Rock dropped up to 30 percent in Friday trading, with problems spilling over the European banking sector
-- Former football star O.J. Simpson will be held without bail after his arrest on robbery and assault charges, police announced late Sunday.Simpson is accused of having directed several other men in an alleged armed robbery of sports memorabilia in a room at a Las Vegas hotel room.Police said Simpson and other men burst into the room and walked out with the memorabilia, including some that was unrelated to Simpson, police said.
LAGOS, Nigeria (Reuters) -- Nigeria's television survival show has been suspended after a contestant drowned in preparation for the program, said Dutch brewer Heineken's local unit which is sponsoring the show.Anthony Ogadje, 25, and nine other contestants had gone to Shere Hills Lake in Nigeria's hilly Plateau State to prepare for the "Gulder Ultimate Search," which sets a variety of physical challenges for participants.A statement from Nigerian Breweries on Monday said Ogadje died suddenly and he was thought to have drowned. "
A former government contract employee was indicted on charges of stealing restricted nuclear energy-related materials and putting the United States at risk, the Department of Justice announced Thursday.Roy Lynn Oakley, 67, of Roane County, Tennessee, appeared in federal court in Knoxville on Thursday.Oakley is a former employee of Bechtel Jacobs, the Department of Energy's prime environmental management contractor at the East Tennessee Technology Park, prosecutors said.
LONDON, England -- Chelsea are waiting on the fitness of John Terry ahead of Wednesday's Champions League match with Valencia, but Frank Lampard has been ruled out.John Terry tries out his protective mask during training for Chelsea on Tuesday.Terry trained at Valencia's Mestalla stadium with a face mask on after surgery on Sunday.
Doctors in Pakistan have been arrested for abducting people, drugging them and stealing their kidneys.Lee, a 53-year-old chief subway technician in Hong Kong, was diagnosed with liver cancer in January 2005 but doctors denied him a transplant because they feared the tumor would spread.That April, he paid 260,000 yuan ($34,380) for a transplant -- surgery that saved his life. "
It is an important question, too, because whether companies insure Lohan's future movies may determine whether she will quickly fall off Hollywood's A-list.It remains to be seen whether her latest relapse and brush with the law will cost her a role in "Poor Things," a film produced by and starring Oscar-winner Shirley MacLaine.A statement was expected early next week on whether the movie, already delayed this spring due to an earlier rehab stint by Lohan, will proceed with or without her.
ROME. Italy -- Italy and Roma striker Francesco Totti has threatened to quit the Italian Players Association, in a row over the starting date of the next Serie A season.Roma striker Totti has complained that the Italian players are never listened to.We are the principal actors, but also the people who are never listened to," Totti was quoted as saying in Italian football magazine Dieci.
A U.S. government official has said the U.S. attorney's office in Raleigh, North Carolina, is in the early stages of an investigation that focuses on individual company employees, and not the firm.Blackwater resumed normal security operations in Iraq on Friday, the State Department said, after a brief hiatus following the lethal incident last Sunday.The Iraqi government was outraged by the shootings and disputes the U.S. and Blackwater's claim that the guards were responding to an attack.
Youssif has always been a huge Spider-Man fan.Spider-Man was right smack dab in front of him, riding a four-wheeler amid a convoy of other superheroes.He met SpongeBob, Lassie and a 3-year-old orangutan named Archie.
The 25-year-old was among seven Marines and a Navy medic who were charged in connection with the death of Hashim Ibrahim Awad, 52.The Marines accused in the case were members of Kilo Company, 3rd Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment.Thomas changed his plea from guilty to not guilty in February, arguing that he had merely followed orders.
Prince Harry led tributes to Diana, Princess of Wales on the 10th anniversary of her death, describing her as "the best mother in the world" in a speech at a memorial service.William and I can separate life into two parts.Prince William's reading from St Paul's letter to the Ephesians: I bow my knees before the Father, from whom every family in heaven and on earth takes its name.
French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner's declaration that France had to prepare for the possibility of war against Iran over its nuclear program was not conventional diplomatic behavior.The former UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali once called Kouchner 'an unguided missile' and the man himself has been known to declare: "To change the law you sometimes have to break the law".Unusually for a man of the Left, he supported the US-led intervention in Iraq (while criticizing the aftermath).
"Für Elise" Bob Dylan wrote "It Ain't Me, Babe" for Joan Baez.Written by: Ludwig van Beethoven Written for: Some girl probably not named Elise.In fact, as far as most historians can tell, Beethoven didn't even know an Elise.
This is nearly twice as much than what was spent in 2004 when political and issue-advocacy television advertising rang in at $1.7 billion.Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney leads all candidates in TV spending, having aired his commercials more than 11,000 times this year at a cost of nearly $8.6 million.In contrast, one of Romney's chief rivals for the GOP nomination, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, has spent nothing on television ads, but Giuliani leads in the national polls and is within striking distance of the lead in several state surveys.
A Buddhist monk blesses the wreckage of One-Two-Go airline's MD-82 jet at Phuket airport on Tuesday.Eight British nationals are believed to have died, according to Foreign Secretary David Miliband.He said three were still in hospital, with one in a critical condition.
"He said the facts were fudged," Moore said, referring to Gupta, on CNN's "Larry King Live."" Both agreed, however, on the basic premise of "Sicko": Problems abound in America's health-care system and need to be fixed.However, Gupta said he was concerned that the movie -- which notes that other developed nations such as France and Canada have universal health care --suggests that health care in those countries is free.
The base, in southern Turkey near Syria, is a major resupply center for U.S. operations in Iraq and elsewhere in the Mideast and Asia.Ankara acknowledges the killings of Armenians during World War I but vehemently objects to the "genocide" label.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she would bring the measure to a vote of the full House sometime next month.
Twelve-year-old Mohammed Rasoul, his right leg severed below the knee, maneuvers on crutches over the dirt and loose stones through the Falluja graveyard.His mother, Jinan Khalifa, remembers that day all too well.Mohammed will arrive in the United States on Thursday afternoon.
Pratibha Patil, 72, is India's first elected female president.Pratibha Patil, the ruling coalition's 72-year-old nominee for the mainly ceremonial post, easily beat opposition-backed challenger and vice president, Bhairon Singh Shekhawat, in a vote by the national parliament and state politicians."This a victory of the people," Patil told reporters after official results were announced Saturday.
Gina Yarbrough sent this picture of the road that collapsed in Wednesday's landslide.As of Thursday morning, he had already received offers of aid from legislators, the governor's office and the White House, he said.Officials warned for at least two weeks that the ground was shifting beneath the hillside community along Soledad Mountain Road.
Hundreds of women protest child trafficking and shout anti-French slogans Wednesday in Abeche, Chad.The president would legally be able to intervene in the case if it is transferred from a judge in the eastern city of Abeche, where the children were taken, to a judge in N'Djamena, the capital, Hissene said.The International Red Cross Committee, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees and UNICEF said most of the children were living with their families before Zoe's Ark took them.
Explorer Dennis Schmitt found an island nearly two years ago near Greenland."I very quickly realized two things," he told CNN's Anderson Cooper during a visit to the island earlier this year.The average surface temperature has warmed one degree Fahrenheit (0.6 degrees Celsius) during the last century, according to the National Research Council.
An enraged crowd dragged the body of an Ethiopian soldier through the streets of Somalia's capital Thursday after gun battles with Islamic insurgents killed 19 people, witnesses reported.Nine Ethiopians are reportedly part of the 19 dead.The fighting drove hundreds more people from their homes, on top of the tens of thousands aid agencies say have fled in recent weeks.
The disappearance of a suburban Chicago police sergeant's wife is now being treated as a potential homicide, and her husband is a suspect, authorities said Friday.Stacy Peterson, 23, has been missing from her suburban Chicago home since October 28.Peterson, 53, said he last spoke to 23-year-old Stacy Peterson -- his fourth wife -- the night of October 28.
QUEBEC, Canada -- Third seed Julia Vakulenko will face comeback queen Lindsay Davenport in her first WTA Tour final at the Bell Challenge on Sunday.Julia Vakulenko will seek her first victory on the WTA Tour at the Bell Challenge in Quebec.The Ukrainian battled through with a 6-1 4-6 7-5 victory over American qualifier Julie Ditty in the semifinals.
President Pervez Musharraf explains his actions in a televised address Saturday.Musharraf also suspended the constitution and dismissed the Pakistan Supreme Court's chief justice for the second time.Hashimi was arrested when he stepped outside his house in the central city of Multan, AP reported.
The chief operating officer of the National Children's Museum was arrested Tuesday and is charged with distributing child pornography over the Internet, authorities said.Some of the pornographic images were sent from Singer's computer at the museum, according to an affidavit filed in support of the charges by a special agent who investigates child pornography and child exploitation for U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement.The Washington museum posted a message on its Web site saying officials there are "horrified" by news of Singer's arrest.
-- With his hands and feet shackled and his face obscured by his long hair, Chester Arthur Stiles made his initial court appearance in Las Vegas, Nevada, on Wednesday morning on charges stemming from the videotaped rape of a 2-year-old girl.Chester Stiles appears Wednesday in a Las Vegas, Nevada, courtroom.One of the lewdness charges stems from a 2004 incident, while the others are related to the videotape, the court said.
Steyn's career-best 5-34 was his fourth five-wicket haul in 14 tests.South Africa's bowlers excelled to bring their side back into the game after their disappointing first innings.They snapped up five wickets in the morning session when the Kiwis could only muster 56 runs.
In soft sand, one mile is like two," says Guss.Take it from lifeguard Benjamin Guss, 25, of Del Mar, California, who recently qualified to compete in this year's Iron Man triathlon (yes, that means swimming 2.4 miles, biking 112 miles, and then running a marathon -- consecutively) in Kailua-Kona, Hawaii.
One in 5 students there is Iraqi.More than 2.2 million Iraqis have fled the violence in their homeland, most of them seeking refuge in neighboring Jordan and Syria, according to humanitarian officials.That's more than double the number of Iraqi children enrolled in public school two years ago.
After weeks of controversy over Michael Mukasey's views on waterboarding, the Senate late Thursday approved the former judge's nomination for attorney general by a 53-40 vote.Waterboarding threatened to derail the approval of President Bush's nominee to lead the Justice Department.The nomination had been considered at risk after a number of Democratic senators opposed Mukasey because of questions that arose from his views on the terror interrogation technique known as waterboarding and the president's power to order electronic surveillance.
Just 150 miles to the southeast, the 4.5 million people who live in and around Atlanta, Georgia, are nervously watching water levels go down at their major reservoir.See photos of a Atlanta's shrinking Lake Lanier reservoir »Bridgeport, which gets its water from the Tennessee River, doesn't charge its neighbor.
The AQSIQ did not reveal the name of the toys' producer, Xinhua said.U.S. safety officials voluntarily recalled about 4.2 million of the Chinese-made toys Wednesday.The arts-and-craft beads, which have been selling since April at major U.S. retail stores under the name "Aqua Dots," have also been distributed in Australia under the name "Bindeez Beads."
Roads to Goma, about 10 miles from the camps, were crowded with refugees and local residents fleeing the fighting, the UNHCR reported."The main road toward Sake was crowded with people; we had difficulties getting through," UNHCR field safety adviser Pierre Nazroo was quoted as saying in the agency's release. "Redmond added, "These are people in poor health; they are soaking wet because of the torrential downpours.
"Wine Library TV" host Gary Vaynerchuk discusses four spooky wine varieties for Halloween show.That kind of attitude appeals to people who are mystified by the arcane lexicon of traditional wine journals or turned off by what they perceive as elitist barriers.About 40,000 Internet viewers -- many of them 20-somethings -- have a daily appointment with "Wine Library TV.
One in 5 students there is Iraqi.More than 2.2 million Iraqis have fled the violence in their homeland, most of them seeking refuge in neighboring Jordan and Syria, according to humanitarian officials.That's more than double the number of Iraqi children enrolled in public school two years ago.
-- Survivors of a storm that killed more than 3,000 people in the impoverished nation of Bangladesh grieved and buried their loved ones Monday as they waited for aid to arrive.The number of dead killed from Cyclone Sidr -- now at 3,114 -- is expected to rise yet further as the South Asian nation continues to assess the damage.In the fishing village of Galachipa, in Patuakhali district, Dhalan Mridha was grieving for family members who died in the cyclone after ignoring an alert issued by authorities.
However, Christian Panucci headed an injury-time winner after a controversial decision to award Italy a free-kick.The result also means France have sealed qualification, along with Italy, from Group B without playing a game.Scotland then produced some wonderful passing football, which culminated in a tight-angled drive from Ferguson, but Gianluigi Buffon dived low to smother.
The U.S. Embassy in Baku issued a warden message warning Americans in Azerbaijan to take precautions.As a precaution, Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday "following security concerns nearby," Britain's Foreign Office said."While there is no information at this time that other American or Western interests in Azerbaijan are being targeted, the U.S. Embassy encourages Americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security," it said.
He held his serve to love against a player who was beaten in the final of the Swiss Indoors event by Roger Federer last weekend, but then struggled for his best form as the first set went to a tiebreak.But the Swiss top seed got straight back in harness, breaking to start the final set and rolling ahead against a man he had just beaten days earlier in the Basel semifinals.The Spaniard will next play Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland, who won by the same scoreline against 16th seed Juan Ignacio Chela of Argentina.
Lipstick outsold gloss by $76 million last year, and beauty companies are racing to launch new formulas that are more wearable than ever.One to try: Olay Regenerist lip treatment ($19; at drugstores).3. Define the borders of your mouth with a pencil to prevent color from bleeding, says Robin Fredriksz, who gave Barrymore her deep fuchsia lip.
"This is my favorite look of the three just because it's sexy but not overtly so," Heigl says.Then there's her deal with Coty to be the face of Nautica's new women's fragrance in January.The star, whom pals call Katie (and Hollywood calls the Next Big Thing), popped out her retainer to talk about makeup, breakouts and what boys like.
SPAM's parent company, Hormel Foods, opened the establishment in 2001 to the tune of almost 5,000 cans of SPAM.One of the main attractions is a scale model of a SPAM plant, where visitors can don white coats and hairnets while pretending to produce America's favorite tinned meat.So goes the backhanded optimism of the National Museum of Funeral History, a Houston facility that opened in 1992.
The man's face was disguised by digital alteration, but the images were capable of being restored, according to a bulletin from Interpol -- the international police agency based in Lyon, France.Interpol Secretary General Ronald K. Noble said the pictures have been on the the Internet for several years, but investigators have been unable to determine the man's identity or nationality.
Reuters, as the agency soon became known, eventually extended its service to other European countries.In 1865 Reuters was first in Europe with news of President Lincoln's assassination in the United States.As overland telegraph and undersea cable facilities developed, the business expanded beyond Europe to include the Far East in 1872 and South America in 1874.
The seventh fatality is believed to be a Clemson University student, he said.Pruitt said the bodies were being sent to Chapel Hill, North Carolina, for identification."We ran down the street to get away," Nick Cain told the AP.
He added that the largely Sunni al Qaeda in Iraq presence has been "crushed" since the beginning of May.However, there are still dangers, most notably the threats posed by Iranian-backed Shiite militants, Farris said.Among them is the "surge," the additional U.S. troops deployed earlier this year.
"These people are not suspects at this time," Orange County Fire Authority Chief Chip Prather said.The Santiago fire, now 27,000 acres and still burning, was deliberately set, officials said Thursday.Several mandatory evacuations remain in place for the Santiago fire, which has destroyed 14 homes and various other structures.
The partnership started as a single shop on Oxford Street in London, opened in 1864 by John Lewis.All 67,100 permanent staff are Partners who own 26 John Lewis department stores, 183 Waitrose supermarkets, an online and catalogue business, John Lewis Direct a direct services company - Greenbee, three production units and a farm.The bonus for 2006 was 18% equivalent to 9 weeks pay, which was rolled out for every employee.
Today, Qualcomm's patent portfolio includes approximately 6,100 United States patents and patent applications for CDMA and related technologies.More than 130 telecommunications equipment manufacturers worldwide have licensed QUALCOMM's essential CDMA patents.Qualcomm is among the members of the S&P 500 Index, Fortune 500, and a winner of the U.S. Department of Labor's" Secretary of Labor's Opportunity Award."
CNN and other news organizations did so until the child was found, when De Meo asked them to stop showing the picture.A former Las Vegas animal trainer, Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, a resident of Pahrump, Nevada, has been identified as a suspect and is being sought in the case, De Meo said.Stiles was a distant friend of the girl's family, De Meo said.
Alfred Hitchcock didn't leave people in suspense about how he felt about actors.Hitchcock was particularly trying for screenwriters, who felt he never properly credited them for their work." Although it began accidentally (when he was short an actor for the film "The Lodger"), Hitchcock soon made it his egotistical trademark to appear in his own films, amassing a total of 37 cameos throughout his career.
The runner-up was Manchester United's Portuguese winger Cristiano Ronaldo with Barcelona's Argentinian midfielder Lionel Messi finishing third.He was part of Brazil's 2002 World Cup winning squad, although he was limited to just 19 minutes as a substitute against Costa Rica.He won the Italian domestic title in his first season at Milan having joined from Brazilians Sao Paulo for$ 8.5 million, a sum that Milan president Silvio Berlusconi then described as peanuts.
BUPA is an international health and care company with bases on three continents and more than eight million customers.It believed that with a National Health Service being introduced a year later, there would still be a need for a complimentary service enabling people from all walks of life to afford the benefits of choice in where, when and by whom they were treated.BUPA's biggest and original business is health insurance in the UK, both for individuals and corporations that want to look after the health of their employees.
The owner of a North Carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said Monday that his family's "lives were just changed forever" by the tragedy."There's just no words to describe what we've been going through," he said, asking for prayers for survivors and the families of those who died.Two college campuses mourned Monday.
Evans said the figure of 2,000 -- an increase of 400 since November 2006 -- only included those the intelligence services knew about and that the actual number could be double."There is no doubt now that al Qaeda in Iraq aspires to promote terrorist attacks outside Iraq.Jonathan Evans, the chief of MI5, also said that at least 2,000 people in Britain pose a threat to the country's security because of their support for al Qaeda-inspired terrorism.
That seems to be the issue in North Dakota, where, according to a recent article in USA Today, towns facing tough economic times are nonetheless resisting a cultural transfusion that could save them.In Cooperstown, the locals opposed efforts to bring in a hog plant and a dairy, because those kind of dirty and hard jobs are likely to attract ... guess who?American kids who work at Starbucks?
First half goals from French winger Ludovic Giuly and Matteo Brighi had put the visiting Romans in charge and for more than an hour they looked set to cruise to victory.Julio Cruz is mobbed by team-mates after giving Inter the lead in their 1-1 draw at Juventus.Camoranesi picked up a headed knock-down from substitute Vincenzo Iaquinta before seeing his shot deflect off defender Walter Samuel to leave goalkeeper Julio Cesar helpless.
Four Australian troops have now died in the conflict in Afghanistan.The incident occurred in Tarin Kowt in Uruzgan province, where Taliban militants killed an Australian commando, the Australian Defence Ministry said.This is the fourth Australian troop to die in the Afghan conflict.
An 18-year-old authorities say shot eight people inside his high school in southern Finland, before turning the gun on himself, has died, police said.At a news conference this afternoon, police confirmed the dead numbered two girls, five boys and the school's headmistress at Jokela High in Tuusula, a quiet town around 50 kilometers (30 miles) north of Helsinki.The shooter, whom police identified as Pekka Eric Auvinen, died at Toolo Hospital, authorities said.
LONDON, England -- France coach Raymond Domenech has again omitted striker David Trezeguet from his squad for this month's friendly against Morocco and the Euro 2008 qualifier against the Ukraine.Happier times: David Trezeguet celebrates after scoring for Juventus against Torino.The 29-year-old, who last played for France in the 1-0 home defeat by Scotland in September, was furious after being dropped for the games against Lithuania and the Faroe Islands.
Sect leader Warren Jeffs arrives in court to hear the verdict against him September 25 in St. George, Utah.In the days following the suicide attempt, while he was on suicide watch, Jeffs on separate occasions threw himself against the wall and banged his head on the wall.Jail transcripts show that Jeffs' suicide attempt came three days after a visit with his brother, Nephi, in which he said, "I am not the prophet.
A disconsolate Lewis Hamilton leaves his car after spinning into the gravel trap in Shanghai.Rookie Hamilton can still clinch the crown with third place in the closing race, but saw his 12-point lead cut to four by McLaren team-mate Fernando Alonso in Shanghai.However, the 22-year-old stayed out on the drying track too long in his wet tires, which deteriorated at an alarming rate to let Finland's Raikkonen take the lead.
One of the guests at the event will be Howard Schultz, chairman of the international coffee shop chain Starbucks.The CNN Boardroom Master classes will take place in the homes of the world's largest stock markets -- Shanghai, New York and London.In line with this, CNN will be hosting three events looking at modern strategies in today's business arena.
This week MME speaks to the man charged with boosting growth in the Kingdom of Bahrain: Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa.Bahrain's strengths have been and will continue to be its human capital, the people that have led the financial sector and the long standing regulations that have been established in Bahrain.Historically, Iran has even made claims against Bahrain, what do you do now moving forward now?
Rescuers are sifting through the rubble of the United Nations headquarters in Algiers hoping to find survivors after a powerful bomb ripped off the building's facade and leveled nearby U.N. offices.It was one of two suspected car bombs that struck Algiers within 10 minutes of each other.A statement from the United Nations said 45 people were reported killed.
Dutch international Ruud van Nistelrooy, the league's top-scorer last season, scored on 72 minutes before Gonzalo Higuain netted in the final minute to keep Real at the summit.Real have made their best start since 1991 but coach Bernd Schuster's rotation policy has been questioned with the German chopping and changing his team.Sevilla have just six points from their first six matches and are 13 points behind Real.
The Japan Grand Prix is to return to the Fuji Speedway, a circuit that hasn't seen an F1 race since 1977 (though now with a substantially different track layout).The old Fuji Speedway was the setting for the 1982 arcade game Pole Position (released by Namco in Japan and Atari in the rest of the world).The Suzuka track -- which had held Japanese Grands Prix between 1987 and 2006 -- had been popular with drivers and fans alike, but for this year and the next the Japanese Grand Prix will be held at Fuji.
Milan have pledged to appeal against the punishment, which as it stands means he will miss the club's Champions League games against Shakhtar Donetsk.Dida's theatrical over-reaction has resulted in UEFA suspending him for two matches.Dida's theatrical over-reaction has cost him severely -- but Celtic may choose not to complain about their own punishment, with half of their fine suspended for two years.
The White House's Dana Perino accused Democrats of holding veterans care funding hostage.Congressional Democrats had attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities, including health, labor and education.Democrats also added $3.7 billion to what the president budgeted for veterans programs.
Muddy but unhurt, three University of Texas students emerged from a cramped cave complex in Austin, Texas, after a day-long search Sunday.A friend called 911 to report them missing at 5 a.m.Earlier reports that four students were in the cave were incorrect, Cox said.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush said the junta "should step aside to make way for a unified Burma."In Wednesday's commentary, Bush called on Myanmar's military leaders to release Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders so they can meet with and plan for a transition to democracy. "But Ms. Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders have moral legitimacy, the support of the Burmese people and the support of the world. "
Congress should cut spending "and send me a responsible measure that I can sign into law," President Bush said.While polls show Bush's popularity remains at near-record lows, Congress ranks even lower as a whole.The committee's chairman, Rep. David Obey, called Bush's veto "not responsible and not credible."
PARIS, France -- France lock Sebastien Chabal has been cited for a dangerous tackle on England's Simon Shaw during Saturday's World Cup semifinal in Paris.The Sale Sharks forward will face a disciplinary hearing on Monday after his tackle on opposite second-rower Shaw was noted by citing commissioner Dennis Wheelahan.If he is suspended, then Chabal will miss Friday's third and fourth-place play-off match at the Parc des Princes.
DENVER, Colorado -- A Colorado man terrorized by threats after testifying against his daughter's abusive boyfriend says he has spent $10,000 on a security system, hired a bodyguard for his son's wedding and never leaves home without a .45-caliber handgun strapped to his chest.A report in the Denver Post pointed out major problems protecting witnesses in the state of Colorado.Reynolds was then sentenced to ten years in a maximum security prison for witness intimidation.
Previously unseen footage of Diana, Princess of Wales, taken just hours before she was killed in a car crash, has been shown to the jury at the inquest into her death.Images taken from a security camera at the Ritz Hotel in Paris show the 36-year-old smiling as she and her lover Dodi Fayed step into an elevator and later walk out of the hotel.Lord Justice Scott Baker told the jury at the inquest into the deaths of the princess and her lover Dodi Fayed that scientific evidence might be unable to demonstrate "one way or the other" whether she was in the early stages of pregnancy.
On Friday, Sanchez, who was coalition commander in 2003 and 2004, called the Iraq war "a nightmare with no end in sight."He added that Sanchez's own record in Iraq is blemished: Abu Ghraib "got out of control under his watch.But Graham said that "finally," with the commitment of nearly 30,000 additional U.S. troops since January, "We are getting it right."
The acrimony from the Republican campaign trail carried over quickly into the CNN/YouTube GOP presidential debate Wednesday.The debate marked the first time the candidates had faced off on the same stage in over a month.Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney traded jabs over illegal immigration, something they have been arguing about on the trail for the past month.
A U.S. military panel reviews a detainee's case at Camp Cropper near Baghdad.Gen. Doug Stone on Wednesday reassured Iraqis about how the 25,000 detainees -- mostly Sunnis -- are treated after being taken into custody on suspicion of involvement in the insurgency.Stone said detainees get free medical care equal to what he gets as a general, food and water made to Islamic standards, educational opportunities, jobs skills and contact with families.
Holding baby Brianna, Mary Winkler stands next to Matthew.Charles and Diane Winkler, parents of slain minister Matthew Winkler, had asked the court to intervene and either revoke Mary Winkler's visitation rights or allow them to proceed only under supervision of a counselor.The children -- Patricia, Mary Alice and Brianna -- have been living with their grandparents since their mother was arrested last year.
"We uplink from Dubai, never having had a license to uplink from Pakistan," he said.Aslan said network officials have been in discussions with Pakistani government officials and "it seemed very obvious that they were going to do this." Journalists are also restricted from covering suicide bombings and militant activity and could face three-year jail terms if they "ridicule" members of the government or armed forces.
Fourteen people were hospitalized after the blast at the T2 Lab on Faye Road, in an industrial area on the waterfront in north Jacksonville, Francis said.Officials initially ordered an evacuation of nearby businesses, but by 4 p.m. the order had been lifted after tests of the air found no toxicity, Francis said.Six of those injured were transported to Shands Hospital in Jacksonville, hospital spokeswoman Kelly Brockmeier said.
Nasser al Ansari is the CEO of Qatari Diar, a state-owned real estate investment company.He joins us on MME to talk about the vision for Qatar, how Qatari Diar fits into it and its investments outside Gulf in Morocco, Sudan, Syria, Egypt and Europe.JD: Give me some insight on why Qatari Diar feels as comfortable in London with Chelsea Barracks as in Cuba, for example, with some of the projects you're undertaking.
A day after New Jersey banned executions, newly released figures show that capital punishment dropped this year to a 13-year low.The Supreme Court will hold oral arguments January 7 about the constitutionality of lethal injection protocols.That figure is down 57 percent from what it was in 1999, when 98 inmates were executed.
MOSCOW, Russia -- Zenit Saint Petersburg have clinched their first Russian title in the post-Soviet Union era with a hard-fought 1-0 victory at Ramenskoye on Sunday.Zenit captain Anatoly Timoshuk kisses the Russian Premier League trophy after their victory at Ramenskoye.CKSA Moscow finished third on 53 points.
David Murphy's goals have earned Hibernian four points against the Auld Firm this season.The Englishman played a one-two with Abdessalam Benjelloun before crashing a shot from the edge of the box past goalkeeper Mark Brown and in off the crossbar.Murphy's only other goal this season came in Hibs' 1-0 win at Rangers on October 6.
Churchgoers in six states have held prayer sessions along the side of Interstate 35.It was with that interesting belief in mind that we decided to head to Texas, the southernmost state in the I-35 corridor, to do a story about a prayer campaign called "Light the Highway.So we watched as about 25 fervent and enthusiastic Christians prayed on the the interstate's shoulder in Dallas.
-- The price of sin rose Monday in Venezuela where President Hugo Chavez is on a campaign to make Venezuelans cut back on drinking and smoking.Alcohol is now 10 percent more expensive; cigarettes are 20 percent pricier. "Chavez has described whiskey as a drink for rich people, not for revolutionaries.
CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta and former President Clinton lead the discussion at the first Fit Nation Summit.Motivating Americans, especially kids, won't be easy, Clinton said.Michael Jacobson, director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest and a strong advocate against trans fats in foods, stressed that the Food and Drug Administration should ban trans fats altogether and stop leaving it up to local and state governments.
In reply, England battled gamely but could only post 200-6 in their 20 overs.Kemp was named man of the match after smashing a six off the otherwise economical Mark Gillespie for the winning runs.India's Yuvraj Singh smashed six sixes in one over as England crashed out of cricket's World Twenty20 tournament in South Africa on Wednesday.
"I've had my share of nightmares," Elaine Thomas told CNN's Nancy Grace.The judge in the case will hold an administrative hearing Wednesday, but Stiles will not be present, Clark County court spokesman Michael Sommermeyer said.Jerry T. Donohue, the attorney for the girl's mother, told CNN that the child on the videotape was younger than 3 when the abuse occurred.
Eduardo Gonzalez, a petty officer second class with the U.S. Navy, is about to be deployed overseas for a third time.Mildred and Eduardo Gonzalez worry about what would happen to their family if she is deported.His wife faces deportation to Guatemala -- her home country that she hasn't seen since 1989.
Heavy rains and flooding have forced hundreds of thousands of people from homes in southern Mexico's state of Tabasco over the past four days, with nearly as many trapped by the rising waters, state officials said Thursday.One death had been blamed on the floods, which followed weeks of heavy rain in the largely swampy state.Officials say about 300,000 people are still trapped by the worst flooding in the region for 50 years.
The rest goes to district officials who collect taxes on the crop, to drug traffickers and to the insurgents and warlords who control the trade."We share the U.N.'s concerns," Appathurai told CNN. "Drugs not only poison people, but they poison economies and governments, and it is in everyone's interest to stop this proliferation."He said NATO forces were providing assistance to Afghan police through training and transport but he said there were no plans to deploy coalition troops to intervene directly. "
David Nalbandian battled back to stun world No. 1 Roger Federer with a 1-6 6-3 6-3 victory in the final of the Madrid Masters on Sunday.David Nalbandian celebrates after upsetting Roger Federer in the Madrid Masters final.The 25-year-old, who lost in the Madrid final in 2004, claimed his first triumph on the ATP Tour since May, 2006, on clay in Portugal.
Juan Roman Riquelme celebrates after scoring his first goal in Argentina's win against Bolivia.The 19-year-old scored his first goal at international level five minutes before the interval after starting in a three-man attack with Carlos Tevez and Lionel Messi.He headed home after Martin Demichelis nodded a cross from Manchester United striker Tevez back across goal.
In an open letter to Bush, Clinton said the troop withdrawal "is simply too little, too late, and unacceptable to this Congress, and to the American people who have made clear their strong desire to bring our troops home, and end this war."As commander in chief, you have the authority and ability to greatly accelerate the redeployment of U.S. forces from Iraq, and to bring so many more troops home so much faster," the New York Democrat said.Obama presented a new plan for Iraq on Wednesday afternoon in Clinton, Iowa.
In a treatment of a Bridgeman Art Library photo, the High shows visitors Jules Arnout's "View of the Grand Gallery.It opened Tuesday at the High, to run there through January 2008.With the backing of Northern Trust, the show will then travel to Denver February 23 to May 25, 2008, and then on to the Seattle Art Museum from June 19 to September 21, 2008.
Injury-plagued French striker Louis Saha definitely misses the tie with a long-term knee problem and fellow casualties Gary Neville and Owen Hargreaves also stayed behind.A third successive victory after 1-0 wins against Sporting Lisbon and Roma would virtually guarantee United a place in the knock-out stage.United flew to Kiev a day earlier than normal, taking their own chefs and dieticians with them. "
The base, in southern Turkey near Syria, is a major resupply center for U.S. operations in Iraq and elsewhere in the Mideast and Asia.Ankara acknowledges the killings of Armenians during World War I but vehemently objects to the "genocide" label.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she would bring the measure to a vote of the full House sometime next month.
Dida sits out the home tie against Shakhtar on Wednesday after an inquiry based on Article 5, paragraph 1 of the UEFA disciplinary regulations (Principles of conduct), under which "member associations, clubs, as well as their players, officials and members, shall conduct themselves according to the principles of loyalty, integrity and sportsmanship".UEFA said that their Appeals Body "took note that Dida expressed his sincere regrets as regards his conduct during the match."AC Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani was satisfied with UEFA's decision.
Reggae legend Lucky Dube, one of South Africa's most famous musicians, was killed in an attempted car-jacking as he dropped his children off at a relative's house, his record label said Friday.Reggae star Lucky Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans.South Africa is one of the most dangerous societies in the world.
-- Brendon Pelser said he saw pure terror in the faces of his fellow passengers after an engine fell from a wing as it took off from Cape Town, South Africa, Wednesday.But the pilot of Nationwide Airlines' Boeing 737 Flight CE723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel and make an emergency landing at Cape Town International Airport.Including crew, 100 hundred people were on the plane that departed at 3:50 p.m. on an hourlong flight to Johannesburg, South Africa.
" FEMA and other relief and rescue services face significantly different challenges in the fire zone than they did on the Gulf Coast in 2005.During and immediately after Katrina, the destruction was so complete that relief personnel and supplies -- even the U.S. Army -- could not get within miles of the disaster's epicenter, New Orleans' Lower Ninth Ward, for several days.One of those safe places is San Diego's Qualcomm Stadium, which is not endangered by the fires.
Chris Benoit strangled his wife and suffocated his son before hanging himself in June.Young Benoit dreamed of wrestling like the Dynamite Kid, whose real name is Tom Billington.Investigators found testosterone, painkillers and anti-anxiety drugs in Chris Benoit's body, Georgia's chief medical examiner said a month later.
You could be responsible for the fall of Western Civilization, just like Justa Grata Honoria, the Roman princess whose wild ways and (literally) naked ambition set off a chain reaction that culminated in the destruction of the Roman Empire.Employing her ample charms, she seduced her brother's royal chamberlain, Eugenius, and together, they plotted to murder Valentinian and seize power.Attila the hubby Honoria got the barbarian's attention with a mutually beneficial proposal: If Attila would rescue her, she would marry him, and he would get half of the Western Empire as her dowry.
Football dignitaries gathered in Sheffield, northern England, on Wednesday to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of Sheffield FC -- the sport's oldest club.Many more football clubs soon sprung up and by 1862 there were said to be 15 in and around the Sheffield area.The club studied existing rules and laid down a code of laws, which formed the foundation of the first commonly-accepted set of rules for the sport, according to the Sheffield FC Web site.
Long before they ever made an appearance on the TV show "Sex and the City," pointed shoes were favored by Polish nobles, who introduced the fashion to England on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s.In 1977 University of Vermont student Lisa Lindahl was running 30 miles a week -- and her bra wasn't holding up.With the help of two classmates, Lindahl sewed together two jock straps and -- presto! --
BARCELONA, England -- Ronaldinho has been recalled to the Barcelona squad for Tuesday's Champions League match against Rangers in Glasgow.Ronaldinho was dropped from the Barcelona squad on Saturday for returning late from international duty.The Brazilian was omitted from the squad that lost 3-1 to Villarreal on Saturday after returning late from international duty, but he has been named in an 18-man party for the trip to Scotland.
"I had to stop listening to them for a while," said Hutchins, who lives in Cumming, Georgia, and plays the piano, guitar and harmonica.Hutchins, a 16-year-old graced with poise and thoughtfulness, is one of many teenagers who say that some part of popular culture, with its ubiquitous references to sex, drugs and violence, has harmed him.Last year, Hutchins and his Christian youth group attended an Acquire the Fire rally in Atlanta, Georgia, he said.
One afternoon the shells began raining down on our neighborhood in Beirut.A Lebanese woman and her son run through west Beirut in 1989 during fighting between rival forces.After more than a decade of relative peace and reconstruction, the bombings and assassinations have returned to Beirut.
The blazes have killed one person and injured at least 70 more.Using U.S. Census Bureau numbers from the 2000 census, that could mean as many as 950,000 were affected by the fires.Asked by CNN where she would go, she replied, "I have to find someplace to accept two dogs, two cats and a turtle.
If you thought it was difficult managing your own money in 2007, consider the pressure of the task when you're dealing with $1.8 trillion of client assets.Dubbed the "Mrs Clean" of Wall Street, Ms Krawcheck was credited with restoring investors' faith in analyst reports while head of retail brokerage firm Smith Barney.She joined Citigroup in 2002, and spent some time as Chief Financial Officer before taking up her current role in March 2007.
One of the larger fires in Southern California was deliberately started by someone with apparent knowledge of arson, a fire official said Thursday.Firefighter Luke Perisin sets a backfire Wednesday against the Santiago Fire in Live Oak Canyon, California.The Santiago Fire in Orange County was started in two places along a little-traveled road, according to Chief Chip Prather of the county's fire authority.
A plane drops fire retardant on the fourth day of a wildfire pushed by winds through Pauma Valley, California.Winds that gusted as much as 101 mph on Sunday dropped to about 30 mph Wednesday evening.Still, the fire damage increased to 434,543 acres, said Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Gibbons was not convicted of two other charges brought against her -- inciting hatred and showing contempt for religious beliefs, her lawyer said.Although there is no ban in the Quran on images of Allah or the Prophet Mohammed, Islam's founder, likenesses are considered highly offensive by Muslims.Appearing somber and dazed, Gibbons arrived at the central courthouse in Khartoum for her closed hearing early Thursday.
The owner of a North Carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said Monday that his family's "lives were just changed forever" by the tragedy."There's just no words to describe what we've been going through," he said, asking for prayers for survivors and the families of those who died.Two college campuses mourned Monday.
Colombian President Alvaro Uribe withdrew his support for the Venezuelan leader's mediation efforts with the FARC."I went with my heart in my hand, and I was ready," Chavez told a group of supporters in the southwestern state of Tachira."When we were at the point of succeeding, Uribe comes and, without telling me anything, he didn't even call me on the phone or send me an emissary, just sent me a letter saying he was ending my mission," Chavez said.
Editor's note: Ann Curley is the assignment manager for the CNN Medical News unit.My family had just moved from the San Francisco Bay Area to Pasadena, California, and this visit to the doctor's office was my introduction to a man who would come to have a huge impact on my life.His name was Dr. Robert Deputy, and he was the pediatrician who diagnosed me with diabetes.
CARDIFF, Wales -- Former Wales and British Lions center Ray Gravell has died of a suspected heart attack aged 56, the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has announced.Gravell had been on holiday with his family in the Spanish Mediterranean island of Mallorca at the time.After retiring as a player in 1985, Gravell became president of Llanelli RFC and the Llanelli Scarlets.
-- Democratic Sen. Barack Obama kicked off a series of local outreach gospel concerts Friday in Charleston, South Carolina, that unexpectedly came back to bite his campaign.Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama is competing for the black vote with Hillary Clinton.When the campaign announced the lineups for the three-city "Embrace the Change!" gospel tour last week, one name stood out to gay bloggers: Donnie McClurkin.
Atletico went ahead in the 10th minute when Forlan picked out a precise pass for Garcia who made no mistake with a calm side-footed finish.Elsewhere last season's second division champions Valladolid continue to struggle in the top flight, crashing to a 2-1 defeat against Athletic Bilbao.MADRID, Spain -- Atletico Madrid recovered from their painful recent defeat by Barcelona to crush European rivals Real Zaragoza 4-0 in the Primera Liga on Sunday.
Since it's opening, the property has received recognition as revolutionizing the Las Vegas hotel industry, and has been honored with architectural and other awards naming it as one the finest hotels in the world.In May 2004, Las Vegas Sands opened the Sands Macau, located on China's southeastern coast.The Sands Macau includes approximately 163,000 square feet of gaming facilities, luxury suites, specialty restaurants and an International VIP club.
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says that "people need to serve where they are needed." Rice was responding to foreign service officers' objections to the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq.The issue has caused an uproar in the State Department, resulting in a contentious town hall-style meeting Wednesday.
Four bodies were found in a canyon in the path of the blaze Thursday.The number of deaths attributed directly to the fires grew to seven Thursday, after the charred bodies of four people believed to be illegal immigrants were found in a canyon east of San Diego."We see pictures from online and on TV, but it's just, it's much different when you see it up front," said Louela Binlac in front of what remained of her Rancho Bernardo home.
-- The commander of the nuclear-powered submarine USS Hampton has been relieved of his command amid an inquiry into misconduct by crew members, the U.S. Navy said Friday.Michael B. Portland lost his post "due to a loss of confidence in his ability to command," the Navy said in a statement.William J. Houston will replace Portland.
A bus hopped a highway median and crashed into a pickup truck before being broadsided by an 18-wheeler, Arkansas police said, killing the pickup driver and two bus riders.Two passengers were found dead inside the bus, said Arkansas State Police.The driver of the pickup truck -- identified as 30-year-old Danny Okurily of Hot Springs, Arkansas -- died at the scene of the accident, Sadler said.
If someone had asked Kelly Pless to describe herself three years ago, the word "fit" would have never crossed her mind.Kelly Pless weighed 220 pounds at her heaviest."At first, it was hard to start exercising because I was worried people would make fun of me," Pless said.
Tom Enders, CEO of Airbus said he would like to celebrate his 25th wedding anniversary on one of its double beds.Behind the sliding doors of the Singapore Airlines Suites, the well-heeled can luxuriate in a private cabin designed by leading French yacht designer, Jean-Jacques Coste.From bed or chair, travelers can catch a movie on a 23-inch widescreen LCD. Laptops can be plugged into an in-seat power supply and business travelers with just a thumb drive can plug this into a USB ports and access a suite of office tools on Singapore Airlines' in-flight entertainment system.
The department said the United States will tighten monitoring of export licenses and increase export restrictions on technologies that could have both civilian and military applications and could pose a danger to U.S. national security in the hands of terrorists or potential enemies.The products ended up in Pakistan after being routed from the United Arab Emirates.The illegal export of U.S. military technology to Iran and China poses a growing threat, the Justice Department said Thursday as it announced plans to combat the practice.
The UK foreign secretary pulled out of a meeting with his Saudi counterpart to be with his new adopted son.The Saudis were also in town to cement a strong trading and business relationship that has developed between the two Kingdoms over the last 20 years.Saudi Arabia is the UK's largest trading partner in the Middle East.
Roads to Goma, about 10 miles from the camps, were crowded with refugees and local residents fleeing the fighting, the UNHCR reported."The main road toward Sake was crowded with people; we had difficulties getting through," UNHCR field safety adviser Pierre Nazroo was quoted as saying in the agency's release. "Redmond added, "These are people in poor health; they are soaking wet because of the torrential downpours.
Genarlow Wilson, freed last week from a Georgia prison, said he's glad he rejected a plea deal from prosecutors, even if it would have sprung him from prison months earlier.Genarlow Wilson tells CNN on Sunday that he will be more conservative and alert in the future.The 21-year-old, who served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation, said the prospect of being labeled a sex offender drove him to turn down the deal.
-- The confirmation of Michael Mukasey as attorney general was all but assured Friday when two key Democratic senators said they will vote in favor of the nominee despite questions about his views on "waterboarding" and the president's power to order electronic surveillance.Dianne Feinstein of California and Charles Schumer of New York announced they would support the retired federal judge from New York just hours after the chairman of the Judiciary Committee announced his opposition to the nominee.Gonzales gave up the post in September.
The bus was traveling south from Telluride, Colorado, to Phoenix, Arizona, when it left the right side of the highway and rolled over, Roden said.Police said the bus lost control on a curve, ran off the road and rolled over several times, tumbling 41 feet down an embankment, according to The Associated Press.The Salt Lake Tribune reported that ambulances from Utah, Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico responded to the accident, and a helicopter from Colorado could not fly to the crash site because of winter storms.
Last week ten of his original pieces were sold at Bonham's auction house in London for over $1 million, while on the other side of the city Tower Hamlets council authority pledged to remove his graffiti from its streets.Lazarides Gallery in London is one of the main dealers of his work and describes him as "a media star...but popular long before any of this high-profile activity -- simply because the people love his stuff.He is feted by art dealers and artists, including Damien Hirst, but he regularly mocks the art world that is so enthralled by him with ingenious stunts such as hanging his own work in the Tate gallery in London and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
The garbage crisis in Naples encompasses the worst Italian clichés, and in particular those of the southern part of this lovely peninsula: mismanagement, political interference, mafia profiteering and the ability of those responsible to deflect the attention and the blame elsewhere.In Naples, garbage is also good business, but in the sense that millions, if not billions, of euros have been wasted -- and nobody really knows how.One Italian newspaper suggested that a good 20% of the money went to pay for the salaries of those in charge of coming up with a solution to the problem.
"We have decided to restore flights by Russian strategic aviation on a permanent basis," Putin told reporters after inspecting joint military exercises with China and four Central Asian states in Russia's Ural mountains."Today, August 17 at 00:00 hours, 14 strategic bombers took to the air from seven airfields across the country, along with support and refueling aircraft ...At U.S. President George W. Bush's Texas ranch, White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said he did not believe the flights posed a threat to the United States. "
The story goes something like this: One day in 1900, a rushed businessman asked owner Louis Lassen for something quick that he could eat on the run.The Twinkie -- in all its indestructible glory-- has been around for ages, but when ChipShop owner Christopher Sell had the brilliant idea to freeze the snack, dip it in batter, and deep-fry it, the Twinkie took gluttony to new heights.In 1946, Ed Waldmire, Jr., revolutionized the stick-meat world when he debuted the Cozy Dog -- the first corn dog on a stick.
The U.S. Embassy in Baku issued a warden message warning Americans in Azerbaijan to take precautions.As a precaution, Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday "following security concerns nearby," Britain's Foreign Office said."While there is no information at this time that other American or Western interests in Azerbaijan are being targeted, the U.S. Embassy encourages Americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security," it said.
The USS James E. Williams ordered pirates to give up their weapons, the Navy says.Three wounded crew members from the cargo ship were being treated aboard the guided-missile destroyer USS James E. Williams.It is the second incident of piracy reported in recent days.
Dressed in a tailored, black pantsuit, Lafave said she had "innocent" physical contact with a female co-worker she knew as under age 18.Debra Lafave, the former Florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student, violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker, a Florida judge found Thursday.Lafave, 27, pleaded guilty in November 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation.
Or which Milanese visionary has a new fabric technique discovered during a life-changing trip to Angkor WatRalph Lauren has his eye on China and Japan.Because while no other designer logo exemplifies aspiration in the home of the free and the brave like the mallet-wielding guy on the pony, Lauren originally named his company Polo because "it was the sport of kings.
A man named as a suspect in the fatal shooting of a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, police officer last week was captured at a shelter in Miami, Florida, on Tuesday, Philadelphia Police Commissioner Sylvester Johnson said at a news conference.Philadelphia Mayor John F. Street said people at the shelter recognized Lewis from televised photos of the suspect.Lewis is suspected in the October 31 shooting of Philadelphia Police Officer Chuck Cassidy.
Like an instantly recognizable dorsal fin, the Tiburon in its third incarnation is perhaps the purest low-slung sportster that won't bust a first-time buyer's wallet, though it may chew a hole in the seat of their pants as they're pushed back into those tight-hugging bucket seats.The startling Hyundai-designed looks boast a touch of Italian styling uncommon for its bracket.Pontiac G5 GT Coupe Much like the fantastic Chevy Cobalt SS, its younger sister Pontiac G5 GT boasts highly sprung motoring at a price that appeals to the first-time buyer's wallet.
Bush criticized Congress for not being able to send "a single appropriations bill" to him.No to children's health care; no to a new direction in Iraq; and no to investing in America's future.Bush had proposed adding $5 billion to the program, and said the version he vetoed would have encouraged families to leave the private insurance market for the federally funded, state-run program.
Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo said in a letter to CNN that he is still "grappling with shame, guilt, remorse and my own healing if that will ever be possible."Muhammad became the teenager's surrogate father, convincing him that violence was the only way to correct perceived injustices to African-Americans, Albarus-Lindo said.He ordered Malvo to go to bed each night and to memorize passages from "The Art of War," an ancient Chinese text on battlefield strategy.
ROME, Italy -- Italy national coach Roberto Donadoni has left Cristiano Lucarelli in his squad for next Saturday's crucial Euro 2008 qualifier in Scotland.Lucarelli keeps his place in the Italian squad after scoring twice against South Africa.The Shakhtar Donetsk striker is in fine form and has been rewarded for his inspiring performance in last month's friendly against South Africa, when he scored twice in the world champions' victory.
Erik Prince, the chairman and CEO of Blackwater USA, appeared Tuesday before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.Erik Prince, CEO and chairman of Blackwater USA, is sworn in Tuesday at a congressional hearing.Under the direction and oversight of the United States government, Blackwater provides an opportunity for military and law enforcement veterans with a record of honorable service to continue their support to the United States.
The Cameroon international was sent off for the challenge in his side's 1-0 defeat in the Champions League match in Glasgow last Wednesday.The suspension will also carry over to future seasons if, as seems likely, Benfica finish bottom of Group D and bow out of Europe for this campaign." It is the second time that UEFA has had to intervene following an incident involving Celtic this season.
Clinton is the top choice of 44 percent of the likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll.Edwards was particularly aggressive during the debate, criticizing Clinton for her stance on Iraq, Iran and Social Security.In the Republican presidential race, Giuliani continues to be the leading candidate, with the backing of 28 percent of the Republican primary voters polled.
The Iranians are cooperating with Russian nuclear agencies and the main objectives are peaceful objectives," he said."We should have no illusions about the nature of this regime or its leaders -- about their designs for their nuclear program, their willingness to live up to their rhetoric, their intentions for Iraq, or their ambitions in the Gulf region," Gates said in a speech to the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs."We are saying that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third powers for use of force or military aggression against any Caspian state," Putin said.
All were arrested last week after workers from Zoe's Ark -- a French-based charity group -- were accused of trying to fly 103 children out of Chad in a kidnapping and adoption operation.Some of the children may never return to their families because it is too difficult to determine their backgrounds, Red Cross spokeswoman Inah Kaloga told CNN on Friday.Those who remain under arrest in Chad are six members of the French charity, four Chadians and four remaining members of the flight crew.
The helicopter, carrying 11 U.S. military personnel, crashed Thursday afternoon about 22 miles from Aviano, Italy.ANSA said the helicopter had taken off from Aviano Air Base, but fire authorities could not confirm whether it was leaving or returning to the base.A sixth U.S. service member died Friday from injuries sustained when a Black Hawk helicopter crashed in northeastern Italy on Thursday, the U.S. military in Europe said.
Police investigating a car crash on September 30 found Taylor Bradford, 21, fatally wounded near the campus residence hall area.Bradford -- a 5-foot-11, 300-pound defensive lineman from Nashville -- was pronounced dead at Regional Medical Center.Memphis Police Department Director Larry Godwin said DeeShawn Tate, 21, Victor Trezevant, 21, and Courtney Washington, 22, had been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery.
A court has ordered pop singer Britney Spears to give up custody of her children effective Wednesday at noon.Kevin Federline and Britney Spears, here during happier times, have two children.Last month, a judge ordered Spears, 25, to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in "habitual, frequent, and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol.
O.J. Simpson leaves the Clark County Detention Center late Wednesday night.Glass said Simpson had violated terms of his previous bail."There's no 'get-out-of-jail-free card' today," an angry Glass told Simpson's lawyers.
The Air Force grounded models of its F-15 fleet after the crash of an older model F-15C this month.The investigation into why that plane fell apart in flight is still ongoing and Air Force officials will not say what happened until the investigation is complete, an Air Force spokesperson said.It is also used for the homeland security mission over the United States known as Operation Noble Eagle.
Raymond Soeoth, pictured here with his wife, says he was injected with drugs by ICE agents against his will.One of the drugs in question is the potent anti-psychotic drug Haldol, which is often used to treat schizophrenia or other mental illnesses.Two immigrants, Raymond Soeoth of Indonesia and Amadou Diouf of Senegal in West Africa, told CNN they were injected with the drugs against their will.
Donohue said the mother recognized the suspect, Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, a former animal trainer.The abuse most likely occurred while the mother - a single woman working six days a week - was at work, Donohue said.Meanwhile, the intense manhunt for Stiles continued Tuesday.
Sen. Barack Obama says Sen. Hillary Clinton has shown "flawed" judgment.Last month, Clinton voted to support a resolution declaring Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, an elite part of the Iranian military, a foreign terrorist group.(The nonbinding amendment to the Defense Authorization Act passed by a 76-22 vote.)
A district judge tossed out Bell's conviction for conspiracy to commit second-degree battery, saying the matter should have been handled in juvenile court.The 3rd Circuit Court of Appeal in Lake Charles, Louisiana, did the same with Bell's battery conviction in mid-September.Prosecutors originally charged all six black students accused of being involved in beating Barker with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy.
-- Up to 1,000 human rights campaigners demonstrated Saturday in front of No.Jemima Khan, center, ex-wife for former Pakistani cricket star Imran Khan, joins protesters in London.The crowd of demonstrators massed behind barriers and included Jemima Khan, the ex-wife of former Pakistani cricket star turned politician Imran Khan.
The entertainer, whose real name is Clifford Harris, was arrested Saturday just hours before he was scheduled to perform at the BET Hip Hop Awards.The small court room of Magistrate Judge Alan Baverman was packed with family, supporters and media, but even more people, including the rapper's mother, were turned away because of the overcrowding.Court documents said Harris was convicted on felony drug charges in 1998, and a federal affidavit said he has been arrested on gun charges in the past.
"This was a sophisticated criminal conspiracy that trafficked millions of dollars of counterfeit goods from China, profiting off the backs of legitimate companies and their hard-working employees," said Assistant Attorney General Alice Fisher.They paid a total of about $16 million for what would have been more than $100 million in handbags, purses and wallets in legitimate retail sales.The alleged leaders of the counterfeit operations are three Chinese citizens living in New York.
National Hurricane Center director Bill Proenza left his position Monday, just days after nearly half of the NHC staff signed a petition calling for his ouster.Hurricane Center Bill Proenza left his job as director Monday.Proenza is still employed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -- a parent organization of the NHC -- but he is currently on leave, said NOAA spokesman Anson Franklin.
Gen. Qazi Abedus Samad, director of operations for the country's armed forces, told CNN Saturday the toll had reached 1,723, and the figure is expected to rise.Cyclone Sidr, with sustained winds of at least 131 mph (210 kph), made landfall Thursday night along the western coast of Bangladesh near the border with India, unleashing floodwaters.Watch how the cyclone spawns a large relief effort » Vince Edwards, national director of the relief agency World Vision in Bangladesh, said the high wind speeds of Cyclone Sidr have laid waste to the all-important rice crop and caused a huge loss of livestock.
As many as 20,000 marchers had taken part in the huge protests in Jena.The noose incident at Jena was the beginning of months of racial tension that included the beating of a white student, allegedly by six black classmates."This indictment accuses the defendant [Munsen] of conduct that constitutes a federal civil rights conspiracy violation and a federal hate crime," said U.S. Attorney Donald Washington.
The song "Until the Day Is Done" also will appear later this month in "Planet in Peril," a four-hour CNN documentary that looks at environmental crises around the world."With 'Planet in Peril,' Anderson Cooper and his team have done an amazing job capturing global eco-devastation," said R.E.M singer Michael Stipe in a news release." This isn't the first time R.E.M. has worked with Cooper.
Tamez owns three acres of land along the Texas-Mexico border where the Department of Homeland Security would like to build a border fence.Michael Chertoff, the Secretary of Homeland Security, said the fence will not be stopped by opponents like Tamez.About 70 miles of fence is to be built in the Rio Grande Valley by year's end, if the government gets its way.
Rev, Charles Kennedy uses Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard's book during a Friday night sermon.As men of God rooted in Christian values, they do not see Scientology as a threat to their faith, but rather as a tool to augment it.Kennedy, McLaughlin and a handful of other Christian church leaders -- no one can say how many -- are finding answers to their communities' needs in Scientology's social programs.
An Algerian policeman stands in front of destroyed buildings in Thenia.Islamic extremists in Algeria and other North African countries have struck several times in recent years.A car bomb attack in Algeria has killed three people and wounded 23, the Algerian Press Service reported.
Suspended NFL quarterback Michael Vick must adhere to tightened restrictions after he tested positive for marijuana use, a federal judge said Wednesday.Suspended Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick tested positive for marijuana in a September 13 drug test.Vick tested positive for the drug on September 13, a court document from the Eastern District of Virginia shows.
Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr clowned around and marveled at their band's amazing impact in an interview Tuesday on CNN's "Larry King Live."Watch Paul and Ringo talk about the Beatles' magic »"George was around just long enough to transmit that to all of us," Harrison said.
He died a few days ago in a Ramadi hospital and then was buried in Al Waleed.The other was a 14-year-old suffering from Hodgkin's disease who died in Baghdad last week.About 30 to 40 people arrive at the Al Waleed camp each week, the UNHCR reports.
The searches continued Friday and are ongoing, Read said.Read said the balloonist, who was heading for Portland, Oregon, is equipped with provisions and a survival suit.In that January 1997 flight, he and Hirosuke Takezawa flew from the Canadian provionce of Alberta to the U.S. state of Montana, according to the federation.
Thursday's debate is taking place at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles, California.The debate -- sponsored by CNN, the Los Angeles Times and Politico -- starts at 8 p.m. ET Thursday on CNN and CNN.com.On Tuesday, Clinton won the Florida primary, a contest her campaign said helped the senator regain momentum even though it awarded no delegates.
Lebanese soldiers and Red Cross workers stand near charred cars at the site of the explosion in Beirut.Twenty-one others -- including the American bystander -- were wounded in the explosion, which was caused by a 15-kilogram (33-pound) bomb placed in a car before the explosion, the security forces said."I want on behalf of our country to say to those who were wounded, and certainly to the families of those who were killed, that our condolences are with them," she added.
Bobby Murcer's biggest fan Former New York Yankee Bobby Murcer warms up during Old Timers Day Yankee Stadium on July 7.In August of '77, Bobby Murcer of the Cubs promised to hit a home run for terminally ill fan Scott Crull.That night, Murcer hit two of them.
