The company will issue refunds if unoccupied seats are available, which they say is the case 97 percent of the time.On all airlines, passengers can buy first-class or business-class seats, which are wider.I'd rather be comfortable first ," he said, "and worry about discrimination later."
Laura Zuniga and seven men were found in vehicles with guns and $50,000, Mexican police say.Watch footage of the eight arrested and weapons seized » They were transported in a heavily armed 30-vehicle convoy late Tuesday to Guadalajara International Airport and flown to Mexico City, the official Notimex news agency reported.In order to determine the situation with Miss Laura Zuniga, Our Mexico Beauty will be watching the case and will take appropriate action once the results of the authorities' investigation are known," said the statement, published on the Web site for CNN affiliate Televisa Mexico.
I found out my granddaughter has been taken," Cindy Anthony told the 911 dispatcher. "These things are capable of twisting around," Thompson said. "But that's another element that makes them interesting."
That's when I realized that things have changed."Shahrukh is someone who I've grown up watching, and I didn't think that I deserve being a part of such a huge film.And...yes, let's see how it goes."
Christoph Waltz attends a special screening of "Inglourious Basterds" in New York.Landa's motivation is more complex than the typical Nazi depicted in a past movies.Inglourious Basterds"-- rated R -- hits theaters Friday, August 21.
Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick said tropical-force winds from the outer bands of the storm were forecast to hit his state at 9 p.m. ET, earlier than expected.Bill's sustained winds remained at 100 mph, with higher gusts. "CNN's Susan Candiotti and CNN Radio's Brendan Gage contributed to this report.
Billy Joel's publicist, Claire Mercuri, told the Daily News the singer was bearing up well. "Billy's doing fine," Mercuri said. "He's looking forward to resuming his Face2Face Tour with Elton John."
Brazilian military personnel on Tuesday carry the remains of one of the passengers of the Air France crash.The airline said Saturday that it began replacing its fleet's sensors last month.CNN's Karl Penhaul, Ayesha Durgahee, Niki Cook, Jim Bittermann and Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
I was like, OK, I can't take it.I guess that's the point of Invisalign.Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Continental, however, insisted it followed standard American air-safety procedures. "TSA (Transportation Security Administration) requirements impose a final security check in the aerobridge just before boarding the aircraft. "This procedure is followed by all carriers flying to the U.S. from most of the countries in the world and there is no exemption to this rule," it said in a statement.
An investigation will determine whether criminal charges will be levied against some of the inmates.Burgin is about 40 miles southwest of Lexington.CNN's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report.
Watch challenges faced by search crews » Brazilian officials emphasized earlier this week that finding bodies was their main priority.The 16 bodies retrieved Tuesday from the Atlantic were taken to the island of Fernando de Noronha for transport by helicopter to Recife.CNN's Karl Penhaul, Ayesha Durgahee, Niki Cook, Jim Bittermann and Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
Giant inflatables are the highlight of the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade.A new route for the 2009 parade has yet to be confirmed -- check the web site for details.To enjoy the giant balloons without battling the crowds, wrap up warm and see them inflated the night before the parade on West 77th and 81st streets between Central Park West and Columbus Avenue.
The Government Accountability Office refers to Congress' failure to face Medicare's monetary difficulties as a "leadership deficit."Leaders need to compromise, negotiate with members of both parties and ideologies, and reform health care the right way -- by developing a strong plan that encompasses the needs of all Americans.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Boustany.
Halperin has made a career writing about Hollywood scandals and the trouble lives of various celebrities, often claiming to have gone undercover to penetrate their inner-circles.The Jackson story was off the Sun's online front page by Monday evening.Instead, the paper featured a shirtless photo of President-elect Barack Obama on a Hawaii beach with the headline: "As President Elect Goes Topless, How Do World Leaders Shape Up?"
Ukraine President Viktor Yushchenko has labeled Georhiy Gongadze's killing the country's most important case.Three former police officers were convicted last year of killing Gongadze and given jail sentences of 12 to 13 years, the Committee to Protect Journalists said at the time.Kuchma vehemently denied those charges.
In the lone case in which pilots didn't have multiple failures since becoming licensed, the co-pilot was fired after the nonfatal crash for falsifying his job application."In addition to reviewing regional airlines' training programs, Babbitt and Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood have called on representatives from major air carriers, their regional partners, aviation industry groups and labor to participate in a "call to action" in Washington on Monday, according to a U.S. Department of Transportation news release.The review will address pilot training, cockpit discipline and other flight safety issues, the release said.
Serb Milan Lukic has been found guilty of burning alive more than 100 Muslims.In the all too long, sad and wretched history of man's inhumanity to man, the Pionirska street and Bikavac fires must rank high. "At the close of the twentieth century, a century marked by war and bloodshed on a colossal scale, these horrific events stand out for the viciousness of the incendiary attack, for the obvious premeditation and calculation that defined it, for the sheer callousness and brutality of herding, trapping and locking the victims in the two houses, thereby rendering them helpless in the ensuing inferno, and for the degree of pain and suffering inflicted on the victims as they were burnt alive."
His vision is not to build a physical church but to build a church community in a comfortable and unintimidating place. "That's an increase from three churches six years ago. "4 -- along with other movie theaters nationwide -- no longer belongs to the church.
They did so until the government gave in; then they withdrew back to Beirut's southern suburbs, allowing the city's wealthy neighborhoods to return to normal for the summer.With an estimated 30,000 rockets pointed at Israel from southern Lebanon -- all under the control of Hezbollah -- how can Netanyahu sell the idea to the people of northern Israel that they are safe from a country ruled by Hezbollah-aligned politicians?The situation means that the Arab world will be listening even more closely to Obama's June 4 address in Cairo to hear whether the U.S. president will champion democracy -- even if it means an inevitable standoff between Israel, a historically staunch ally, and Lebanon, as it struggles to find an identity both within itself and in the outside world.
The case has attracted international attention because of the defendant's bogus claim to be related to the Rockefellers, one of America's wealthiest families.He faces up to 15 years in prison.I was hysterical."
Learn more about plans for the memorial » Craigslist allows its users to flag ads they find inappropriate, and ads receiving enough negative flags are automatically removed from the site.But that didn't stop some people from trying to sell their vouchers to anyone who could make it to Dodgers Stadium by 7 p.m. Monday.CNN.com's John D. Sutter contributed to this story.
They would like to see changes made in the contracting business, most importantly to have third-party investigations carried out when something goes wrong and to keep everyone abreast during that reporting process. "[Watch family describe Rocky's hugs, his Mustang and his character » "You feel good for the Rock," he said of his boy. "E-mail to a friend
Research from Britain's Office of National Statistics shows that for many couples, having children is now the first major milestone of adult life, ahead of marriage -- in contrast to their parents' generation, the church said.Statistics also show an increasing number of couples now live together before their wedding day, the church said.The Church of England said it hopes the ideas "will help churches show their welcome for couples with children, and give the whole family a special occasion and a new beginning."
To root for someone who participated in the hanging, drowning, electrocution and shooting of dogs will be impossible for many, no matter how much we would all like to see the Eagles go all the way."In November, Vick pleaded guilty to a state dogfighting charge and received a three-year suspended sentence.The Eagles are scheduled to play Vick's former team, the Falcons, in Atlanta on December 6.
Police carry an unidentified Malawi national on an improvised stretcher after he was badly beaten in Reiger Park township.The attacks were concentrated in some of the poorest parts of South Africa where locals are jobless, hungry and in need of basic services such as clean water, sanitation and housing.In the light of these facts, the xenophobic attacks witnessed in Gauteng (Province) over the past week -- and previously, against refugee traders in Cape Town -- are totally repugnant."
But there's a difference of 11 million votes.Just what those consequences might be may become apparent Saturday afternoon, when the demonstrators are expected again on the streets of Tehran.But for now, Iran's supreme leader had issued his warning clearly: Enough is enough.
Stress trigger No.The partner who is earning less money may struggle with a diminished self-esteem and feel extra sensitive, while the other may feel resentful about being the primary breadwinner.Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009
Pvt.In July, President George W. Bush approved the Army's request to execute Gray. "CNN's Mike Mount contributed to this report.
The London museum has two other Jackson waxworks -- one in a pose from "Thriller" and another from his "Dangerous" album.The other 10 Jackson waxworks are in other Madame Tussauds museums around the world.The museum said it decided to proceed with the figure after Jackson's death last month "as a tribute to one of the greatest musicians of all time and to celebrate his amazing 40-year career."
I can understand why someone would want to take him, because he's such a pretty child."Until they prove otherwise, we hope one day we will be reunited."If you have any information on the Danny Barter case, go to dannybarter.com or contact the FBI, your local police or the Baldwin County Sheriff's Office in Alabama.
Chad Hurley is hoping his start-up experience can help the US F1 team become a major player.I am definitely going to be involved in helping the team with sponsors, helping the team with business relationships, and helping the team with integrating technology -- ways that they can leverage and benefit from social media and the Internet broadly. "So in many ways, I hope to add benefit to the team and what they are trying to accomplish."
A couple discusses the love test with a PSI member.Tell us in the Soundoff below But in a country where a macho culture still prevails, getting couples tested together has proved challenging.The HIV campaign is expected to last until the end of the year and the charity is also partnering with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation -- which has donated $50 million to fight aids in the region -- to promote male circumcision, medically proven to lower the risk of getting the HIV virus.
The original exterior of the cars was made from duroplast, a blend of cast-off cotton fibers from Russia mixed with glue.If the modern Trabant fails to materialize, there's always the option to step back in time in the original version.Trabis can still be seen slowly weaving through traffic, particularly in Berlin and Dresden, where Trabi-Safari leads tourists in a procession of up to six cars to local points of interest.
A PETA activist in Sofia, Bulgaria earlier this year protests against UK troops wearing bearskin hats.But each bearskin hat is heavy and can prove very hot for the wearer. "There have been occasions where soldiers have suffered from heatstroke, because obviously wearing that much fur on your head... can get quite warm," Farrance said.
Italians have typically been late adopters of vintage fashion but Elio Ferraro (Via del Parione 47/R; +39 055 290 425; www.elioferraro.com) was ahead of the game.A visit to his gallery/shop will unearth vintage Yves Saint Laurent, Dior and Chanel from the 1930s onwards....................... Florence City Guide: Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop...................... Do you agree with our Florence picks?Send us your comments and suggestions in the "Sound Off" box below and we'll print the best.
Large and dangerous swells generated by Hurricane Bill" were possible along those provinces Sunday night, and 2 to 6 inches of rain were possible in Newfoundland, the advisory said.It was expected to pass near or over southeastern Nova Scotia, Canada, on Sunday night, the National Hurricane Center said.CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
You're obligated to find something out about it.The watch inscription reads "Richard Prichard, Abersoch, North Wales, 1866."This year's display will open a week from Saturday, he said.
Ryan Reynolds and Sandra Bullock have reason to celebrate after "The Proposal" takes top box office spot.I know I will -- I'm taking my pop to see "Up."CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Prince William, right, joined a group of homeless teams on a mountain climb in the UK.Partway up the mountain, by a lake called Red Tarn, the prince flew a flag for the London 2012 Olympics, Simpson said.Monday marks three years until the Opening Ceremony of the Games.
More money will be spent to treat and screen war veterans for post-traumatic stress and brain injuries, Obama says.That is the plain and simple truth," Obama said in reference to what he called misinformation on the issue.CNN's Ivan Watson and Ed Henry contributed to this report.
Evangelist Tony Alamo was convicted of all 10 counts against him and will be sentenced later.In a phone interview last year with CNN, he called the accusations a hoax. "The Southern Poverty Law Center says Tony Alamo Christian Ministries is anti-Catholic and a cult.
White supremacists taunt black protesters who marched Tuesday in Paris, Texas.White demonstrators waved a flag emblazoned with a Nazi swastika and taunted the black marchers, shouting through a megaphone: "White power, white power."CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
This Coney Island playground climbing frame is one of the larger items clogging the Kleeman family's barn.Then three or four years ago I was at a point where I'd been working in the outdoors leading trips for youth at risk and thinking, "Do I want to do this forever?I think it can be humbling and it also helps us remember how precious and rare our planet is and that we really need to protect it and manage its resources better."
Opinion polls in France show that slightly more than half the population want shops to have the freedom to open on Sundays, according to Time magazine.The Senate debate is scheduled to last three days, with a vote expected late on Thursday.CNN's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report.
A majority of the confirmed cases -- 480 -- were in San Jose.Arias, 67, won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1987 for helping bring an end to Central America's civil wars.More recently, he acted as mediator between two feuding sides claiming the leadership of Honduras.
They made some initial contacts with the refugee community.Protective services officers "will determine what's going to happen in the days ahead and they'll look at the past history with that family, if there is one," he said.CNN's Sara Pratley contributed to this report.
Not a watershed moment, researchers say Gould says it's important to report this association, but she is also concerned about the results being misinterpreted. "Health.com: Treatment options for ADHD at any age In all 10 cases, the children were taking methylphenidate, the active ingredient in Ritalin and Concerta.Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009
For undetermined reasons that are currently under investigation, the switch had not changed position needed to allow the Pink train to be routed to the Magic Kingdom loop," putting the Pink and Purple trains on a collision course, the NTSB statement said.NTSB investigators believe that Wuennenberg attempted to put his train into reverse before the collision, attempting to avoid the crash.The Orange County Sheriff's Office, which is investigating Wuennenberg's death, would not comment, citing the ongoing investigation.
Millwall fans taunt West Ham supporters during their English League Cup tie.A team of dedicated police officers will be reviewing all the events that took place and will be looking at CCTV both inside and outside the ground to identify evidence of offenses and offenders. "The incident caps an troubled period for West Ham off the pitch following the stabbing of defender Calum Davenport and the death of the father of midfielder Jack Collison in a motorbike accident in recent weeks.
The mother, Li Shubing, saw an ad for the training camp and hoped her son could be helped, she told China Daily.No matter what time it is, you can always find somebody online."The Internet can easily become compulsive behavior for anyone with an addictive personality, Barnes said.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has offered aid to Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed, Somalia's president. "The United States announced in June that it is providing weapons and ammunition to help Ahmed's government fight the militants.Journalist Mohammed Amiin Adow contributed to this report.
Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan, Mexico.The scheduled launch of Discovery on Tuesday was scrubbed twice, once because of weather and then hours later because of of mechanical issues involving a drain valve.NASA did not announce a new launch schedule.
1 singles in the current musical environment. "Ultimately we wanted to make music we listen to, and like most people we listen to a lot of music outside of rock and roll," Koenig said.The members talked to CNN about the band's origins, the forthcoming album and maintaining Facebook accounts.
He defended his call for a government-funded health insurance option for people who are uninsured or cannot afford full coverage.He blamed some of the spiraling costs on a reimbursement system that he said pays for the number of tests and services provided, regardless of what is needed. "CNN's Paul Steinhauser and Ted Barrett contributed to this report.
Mumbai city officials had told residents living in the old building to leave it because of structural concerns.The chief minister of Maharashtra state, Vilasrao Deshmukh, visited the building hours after the collapse to pay his respects to the victims.Last July, another building collapse in Mumbai -- formerly Bombay -- killed 26 people.
Under the deal, Libya would pay more than $500 million to settle remaining claims from the Lockerbie case and more than $280 million for victims of the La Belle disco, according to Jim Kreindler, the lead attorney for the Pan Am families.The deal is to be followed by a U.S. upgrading of relations with Libya, including the confirmation of a U.S. ambassador and possible American aid.Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is expected to visit Libya before the end of the year.
I think the film does to the comic book film genre what ['Watchmen'] the comic book does to the comic book genre," Haley said. "The original comic book series by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons came out in 1986 and 1987 and was compiled into a book.CNN.com's Elham Khatami contributed to this article.
Lay off the Tang, Chubby!"Colbert said in a statement last week.The mission will be Discovery's 37th to space, and the 30th shuttle mission dedicated to international space station assembly and maintenance, NASA says.
Senator Edward Kennedy, right, pictured with Northern Irish politician Gerry Adams in 1996 Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, whose administration presided over the 1998 Good Friday Agreement which led to an end to decades of sectarian violence in the province and established a united ruling Assembly, praised Kennedy's commitment to the process. "He has served the American people with courage and commitment for nearly 50 years.He has made an extraordinary contribution to American politics, an extraordinary contribution to America's role in the world," Rudd said in a statement, according to Agence France-Presse.
Brent Casey said went into a "meltdown" when he got a letter from the VA saying, erroneously, that he had ALS.The AmVets service organization is "encouraged" by the VA's response to the situation, and pleased to see they caught the error, said spokesman Ryan Gallucci.CNN Radio's John Lorinc contributed to this report.
Col.Along the way, he held news conferences and conducted numerous telephone interviews.There has been no coup because in a coup the military remains in power," he told CNN en Español.
A "zombie walk" at Comic-Con will promote the upcoming "Zombieland" movie.Fleischer said those portraying a modern zombie should think like "a rabid dog."While Harrelson will be at Comic-Con to promote the movie, it was not known if he would be kept away from Thursday's zombie walk.
Arturo Gatti fought to the limit of his endurance in many epic bouts.Gatti later married Rodriguez, and they have a one-year-old son.She has been arrested in connection with his death.
Kingston dropped by CNN to share his thoughts on his abilities on the dance floor and the leading ladies of pop.That record got leaked.And I'm an island dude, and we gotta hold down for other people.
He added that the plane had departed Temecula in southwestern Riverside County, California, and was destined for the airport in Santa Barbara, a flight of about 180 miles.The pilot told authorities that he attempted to switch fuel lines during the flight, but was unable to restore power to the plane.He said he alerted a tower at the airport that a landing on the highway was imminent, Richardson said.
She said his tennis skills are "ridiculous."Around the house, he's a big brother, said Howard, whose children welcomed Beard immediately. "Whatever he ends up doing," the coach said, "he's going to be great."
Her life was full of it, both physical and emotional, and she used it to fuel her art.He donated the house in 1957, and it opened to the public as La Casa Azul, Museo Frida Kahlo in 1958.So the blue house, which has seen so much of the history of two of Mexico's most famous artists and was witness to so much of Kahlo's personal suffering, is open to the public, ready to tell their story to all who are willing to listen.
Down the road, if we decide to go into some of these countries, I have contacts and I've learned from my classmates, from their past experiences and the experiences they're going through.RL: If you're going to do an EMBA program, do a good one.Tuition plus time and expense will usually run into six figures in U.S. dollars, but if you get into a good program it's very worth it.
Winners of the Seattle Lebowski Fest best-costume prizes pose at a bowling alley.There's a certain community thing that goes on when you hang out and watch your favorite film," said Lebowski Fest co-founder Scott Shuffitt. "Where else can I come where I can be a superstar for four hours?"
The Statue of Liberty will be open for the next two years, then closed again for "work on a long-term solution that will improve safety and security permanently," according to the U.S. Department of the Interior.A gift from France to the United States, the Statue of Liberty was dedicated in 1886, designated as a National Monument in 1924 and restored for its centennial on July 4, 1986.It stands just across New York Harbor from where the Twin Towers stood.
The Watergate complex was built in the late 1960s and consists of the hotel, two office buildings, and three apartment buildings.Only the hotel building was up for auction Tuesday.It closed two years ago for renovations, and possible conversions into co-op apartments.
Sailors are tracked by global positioning systems (GPS) and also receive regular weather information. "You don't just go out there on a whim -- we are well trained," she said.To find out more about Dee Caffari's voyage around Britain and Ireland go to her Web site: www.deecaffari.co.uk
Harbor radical elements" from the terrorist group Fatah al-Islam and give them fake documents to help them enter the Ein el-Hilweh camp. •Create terror cells to monitor the Lebanese army and UNIFIL, the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon, to carry out attacks against them. •Carry out surveillance of money exchange centers and jewelry stores as possible robbery targets to help finance their operations.
A child traveling with his parents wears a face mask after they arrive at the Beijing, China, airport.They include placing passengers who have fever or flu-like symptoms on a seven-day quarantine, the alert said.The travel alert expires in September.
Yes, the professor identified himself as a legitimate occupant of the premises.One needs to understand that the interaction between a police officer and a suspect is just part of a larger context.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Haberfeld.
The real challenge for pharmaceutical companies is coming up with new blockbuster drugs for chronic disease, not acute outbreaks like swine flu. "Any changes in prevailing patterns should be flagged, including a rise in school and job absenteeism, and an increase in visits to the emergency room.An overwhelmed health system may mean there is a rise in severe cases, the organization said.
Her collarbone was broken, her right eye swollen shut, she was suffering concussion and had large gashes on her arms and legs. "Christmas presents were flying around the cabin and I could hear people screaming."I only hope it all went quickly for those on board."
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pictured at a rally held in Tehran Sunday to celebrate his re-election as Iranian president.UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Saturday that the UK government had "followed carefully, and admired, the passion and debate during the Iranian election campaign. "CNN's Shira Medding in Jerusalem and Greg Clary in Washington contributed to this report.
The U.S. military bombed about 300 tons of poppy seeds in a dusty field in southern Afghanistan Tuesday.Observers have noticed a significant decline in the opium trade in Afghanistan, with the number of poppy-free provinces increasing from 13 in 2007 to 18 in 2008, according to a U.N. report released last year.Atia Abawi contributed to this report
President Obama says the pharmaceutical industry announcement "marks a major step forward."The parties do appear to agree on several broad principles, however, including an emphasis on preventive care, cost-cutting measures in the existing Medicare and Medicaid programs, and a halt to denials of coverage because of pre-existing medical conditions.CNN's Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report.
In the last few weeks, a fragile cease-fire has broken down.The conflict is complicated by outside forces and a variety of armed groups fighting both the government and each other.Rankin said the people he photographed just "wanted the thing to stop."
It showed several people wounded by apparent gunshots, and people attempting to treat them, seemingly without medical supplies.During [the] previous presidential election, we had a 50.9 percent turnout," he said. "We will succeed, even if we have to fight alone."
Inter midfielder Sulley Muntari was substitued Jose Mourinho for his low-energy levels as a result of fasting.I've always observed Ramadan but I have had to change my habits for health reasons from the first year that I became a professional.And can sport and religion ever be separated in a satisfactory way?Let us know your thoughts in the Sound Off box below.
Titans of tennis, Rafael Nadal (left) and Roger Federer (right), will be both keen to capture the U.S. Open title.It would be a dream come true to win six in a row here.It's a dream that I always thought was impossible but I'm only a few matches away now so I'm close," he said.
The plane's pilot reported a "rough-running engine" before landing Tuesday, an FAA spokeswoman says.At first she thought the patient was kidding. "FAA records indicate that the plane is registered to an aircraft charter company called Genesus One, based in Paramus, New Jersey.
The state once relied on a punitive system that warehoused offenders in harsh conditions.Bullard, a teen who abused alcohol was sent to a facility for girls in 2005 for behavioral problems."But I just never thought it would actually happen."Today, she is planning to apply to law school.
Kick back and chill out with Billy Ray, Miley and the entire guitar-crazy clan.Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE!Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
The senator agreed with the crowd on some issues, saying he opposes mandatory counseling on end-of-life issues called for in a House of Representatives version of health care legislation.I am opposed to anybody making a decision for you or me or anybody else about what health care plan we should have," he said.Most Democrats want a public option to ensure coverage is available to virtually all Americans and provide competition to private insurers.
The documents reveal what investigators found in Jackson's bedroom the day after his death.During the course of the investigation, family members of the decedent notified [coroner investigator] Chief [Ed] Winter that they located a quantity of tar heroin in a bag in the decedent's bedroom located on the second floor of the residence," Martinez wrote.The coroner announced two weeks ago that the report on Jackson's death was completed, but that police asked for it to be withheld until completion of the criminal probe.
Aubrey Opdyke was put into a medically induced coma to give the baby as much oxygen as possible.But, he said, now that Aubrey Opdyke is no longer pregnant, she will be able to fight for her own life.The CDC's advisory committee will meet later this month to make recommendations on at-risk groups who should receive the new vaccine.
Inspired by rapper T.I.'s hit song "Whatever You Like," Clark's seventh grade class penned their own lyrics and dance moves.He was up in front of the kids on desks, he was dancing.... I never saw a teacher get up on a desk and dance.He might fuss a lot, but I know he's doing it for our own good."
Is Cesc Fabregas paving the way for a move away from London-based club Arsenal?My seventh season is about to start.Arsenal kick off the forthcoming season in England with an away visit to Everton on August 15.
Indonesian soldiers provide security near a PT Freeport-owned gold mine in Timika, Papua province, on July 18.Attacks directed at the company killed an Australian mine technician and two Indonesians on July 11 and 12.CNN's Andy Saputra contributed to this report.
An adventurous boy and a cranky man travel by unusual means in the new Pixar film "Up."Cannes is happy to recognize that."CNN's Matthew Carey contributed to this report.
Today, the National Park Service maintains LBJ's spread as a working ranch, complete with a herd of cattle descended from the Herefords Johnson bred.Anyone who could pull of the feat got a specialized Under Armour shirt as recognition.All rights reserved.
Plus, I want my daughter to be close to me," said Shraddha Gupta.Traditionally, parents will let friends know that they are on the lookout for a partner for their child.My marriage should be fun, it should be remembered by all people," she said.
The contractors initially had been told they were being held in connection with the May death of another contractor, James Kitterman, said the source close to the five.Judy Feeney said her son, Donald Feeney III, and Mark Bridges were to be released Thursday morning, but it may take more time to release the other two, Jason Jones and Micah Milligan.CNN's Alan Duke in Los Angeles and Jomana Karadsheh in Baghdad contributed to this report.
Half an hour later, with Jackson still awake in bed, Murray injected the singer with two milligrams of lorazepam.Jackson was already familiar with propofol, a powerful anesthetic, Murray said.The Los Angeles County district attorney's office said it has not yet seen a police report on the case, and no criminal charges have been filed.
And it has produced a mosaic of plastic and canvas that is now home to more than 93,000 people -- with more arriving each day.Sar Bari Khan arrived 15 days ago with his wife and three children.There is no sign of this influx ending any time soon.
Watch shuttle launch » "We have the treadmill now to keep them healthy, which is really part of being able to come home in one piece.So it is an essential part," Coleman said.iReport.com: Discovery lights night sky Discovery's liftoff, originally set for Tuesday, had been postponed three times -- first for bad weather, and twice more while mission managers checked out indications of a faulty valve.
Recent polls have shown that the public is concerned about the growing size of the deficit and Republicans have finally gained a bit of political traction by linking Obama's policies to the government's red ink.The president has disappointed gay rights activists for not fulfilling promises they thought he had made on the issue of gay rights.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer.
Manuel Pellegrini is encouraged with the performances of Cristiano Ronaldo and company in pre-season.We still have to polish some aspects of our game, but I'm not worried about that."We must take things slowly, get in good shape and think positively at all times."
Benitez told Liverpool's official Web site: "He is strong and good in the air, and we were looking for experience and he is the perfect answer."Kyrgiakos, who has been capped 50 times by Greece described his decision to move to England as "the biggest challenge of my career".The tough-tackling defender moved back to Greece in 2008 after one season at Rangers and two with Eintracht Frankfurt.
The woman and the remaining children never saw daylight, prosecutors said, and Fritzl went away for long periods of time, causing them to go hungry when he did not bring them food.The sentence would range from six months to five years.CNN's Diana Magnay and Frederik Pleitgen in St. Poelten and Melissa Gray in London contributed to this report
Passengers on the flight included 66 French citizens, 54 Comorians, one Palestinian and one Canadian, according to Yemeni and French officials.The crew was made up of six Yemenis, two Moroccans, one Ethiopian, one Filipino and one Indonesian.The Comoros Islands are between the east African country of Tanzania and the island nation of Madagascar.
People still will be able to receive telemarketer calls if they give companies written permission to contact them.Nate Anderson, a blogger at Ars Technica, a technology site, cheered the amendments but said many calls are illegal even without the new amendments. "Most of the robocalls received by people in the office here are already illegal to do begin with -- pitches for time shares and bogus car warranties top the list of such calls," he wrote.
Also Friday, Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora said officials had found safety irregularities at the day care center in 2005, Notimex said.He declined to detail those irregularities but said authorities are investigating if anything was done about them.Any negligent officials will be punished once the investigation is completed, Medina said.
The Michael Jackson Facebook page is now the most popular on the social networking site.Michael Jackson is simply the largest celebrity in the world.The surge for demand in Jackson's music looks likely to continue for several months: The fan page has a music player with some of Jackson's hits and an option to buy them through Amazon.
The follow-up, "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?"produced one of group's most famous tracks, "Wonderwall."The Manchester band was one of the pioneers of the Britpop movement of the early '90s, along with British band Blur.
However, given the choice between Hulu and TV Everywhere, television programmers have an incentive to go with the latter.TV Everywhere represents an alternative -- and possible threat -- to the popular Hulu model.Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
Kennedy lived up to the ideals of three older brothers, all of whom died young -- Joseph in World War II, President John and Sen. Robert assassinated -- his son said. "Kennedy, the patriarch of America's leading Democratic family for more than 40 years, died at the age of 77 on Tuesday, 15 months after being diagnosed with brain cancer.CNN's Jessica Yellin, John King and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report.
X-rays have determined that Luka Modric sustained a fracture to his right fibula," said a statement on the official Spurs Web site.Tottenham did not indicate how long the midfielder would be sidelined, but he is likely to miss the home game against champions Manchester United and the trip to Chelsea which follow the upcoming international break.Croatia play England at Wembley on September 9 in a crucial World Cup qualifier.
Aso's approval ratings dwell in the teens, and his stimulus packages, though credited for lifting the economy slightly out of recession, are not being credited with helping households feel more secure about a lasting economic recovery.The LDP, in political ads and stump speeches across Japan, says the DPJ is making empty promises and can't pay for its proposed programs.CNN's Kyung Lah contributed to this report.
Jaycee Dugard was kidnapped at 11 and kept hidden for 18 years in a backyard compound, authorities say.She had access to a phone and a computer, so obviously something went on that no one knows about."See photos of Dugard's living conditions » Three northern California law enforcement agencies have joined the investigation of Phillip Garrido, saying he may be responsible for other crimes.
Seven people were found dead Saturday at a residence in a mobile home park in Brunswick, Georgia. "There is cause for concern," Doering said. "We just simply don't have a whole lot to go on, and I'm not going to sit there and tell everybody not to be cautious, because people need to be."
Three classrooms were closed last year because of high PCB levels, but the school has been scrubbed and a new ventilation system added.Like a lot of teachers there now, I figured, how bad could it be?I don't have a science degree, but you don't have to be a scientist to know that 20,000 tons of chemicals and kindergartners don't mix," Gibbs said.
They're in a position to run Congress," said Andrew Selee, director of the Woodrow Wilson Center's Mexico Institute.No seats were at stake in the Senate, which elects its members every six years.Selee sees "a general skepticism," saying, "Mexicans have tired of where things are going."
In his national address, Kennedy said he was driving Kopechne to a ferry landing because she was tired.When you tell the truth, you don't have to worry about what you said the first time," he said. "The charge I came up with was the only one I thought we could prove.... I did what I could, and I'll stick by it."
She was "in relatively good condition," neither obviously abused nor malnourished, he added. "In a later comment, he said that, from the time the youngest was born, "everything turned around."CNN's Taylor Gandossy, Tom Watkins, Stan Wilson and Mallory Simon contributed to this report.
Searchers have discovered hundreds of pieces of wreckage from Air France Flight 447. "On July 10, two U.S. naval vessels and the French Navy submarine called off their search for the recorders, which investigators hope will shed light on exactly how and why the plane crashed.Investigators have also found more than 600 parts and structural components of the plane, along with luggage, Bouillard said.
In the digital age, that means tempting with free downloads, money schemes and pornography.As the economy has declined, we've seen the threat landscape increase," David DeWalt, president and CEO of McAfee, recently told Richard Quest for CNN International's "Quest Means Business."What are they doing with all that money?"
Platoon soldiers rarely know any details about the troops or civilians they honor. "They were shrouding their horses or putting him in battle armor or escorting the fallen to their grave," Nielsen said. "Nielsen and Kennedy head back to the stables alone, to prepare for another ceremony.
Jookie, as she is known, studies a poster of French gorilla Yeboah, who is heading for London Zoo.The zoo has been without a male gorilla since the demise of Bobby, a silverback, in December.Bridget Fallon contributed to this story.
At least 467 people have died in floods in India from this season's monsoon rains, federal authorities said in their latest report.Flooding has affected about 1.7 million people in parts of India, according to the disaster management division of the federal home ministry.The country's main weather office has warned of heavy rains in western and central parts of India.
The cultural dispute comes at a time of political disagreement between the countries relating to maritime access at the border between Chile and Peru.Peruvian President Alan Garcia has accused Chile and land-locked Bolivia of negotiating an under-the-table deal that would leave Peru out.On Monday Peru said it was taking its own case to the International Court of Justice over the maritime dispute.
A visual delight and Jet Li's best work.A love story with outlaws, witches and Shaolin monks is augmented by breathtaking cinematography and some fantastic performances from Chow Yun Fat, Michelle Yeoh and newcomer Ziyi Zhang.E-mail to a friend
Outside military police had surrounded the store and were posted on nearby rooftops, she said, It was not immediately clear what the relationship between the man and woman was, Garcia said.He said since the shooting took place on a federal installation, the FBI would lead the investigation into the shootings.CNN's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report.
We are young, and that does come with the burden as not being equally trusted or seen as capable."They were really resilient.They were beyond their years."
Hezbollah is the largest Shiite Muslim political movement in Lebanon and maintains an armed force that fought a month-long war with Israel in 2006.The group has been linked to numerous terrorist attacks against American, Israeli, and other Western targets and the United States lists it as a terrorist organization.But many in Lebanon and other parts of the Middle East, particularly Shiites, view Hezbollah militants as freedom fighters.
Watch challenges faced by search crews » Brazilian officials emphasized earlier this week that finding bodies was their main priority.The 16 bodies retrieved Tuesday from the Atlantic were taken to the island of Fernando de Noronha for transport by helicopter to Recife.CNN's Karl Penhaul, Ayesha Durgahee, Niki Cook, Jim Bittermann and Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and President Obama visit at the White House on Monday.In short, it seems the Obama administration is going to use more of a tough-love approach to Israel, rather than just automatically siding with it.CNN's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report.
Brooke Shields' lawyer, Gerald Lefcourt, said the actress has not filed charges, but was exploring her options.Shields moved her mother to another facility, Lefcourt said.CNN's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report.
Lower down on the chart, Fox Searchlight's "(500) Days of Summer" (at number 11 with $3 million) is still building momentum.The quirky rom-com posted a hefty $19,176 per-site average and a 95 percent increase over its debut last weekend.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Fatemah Shams and Mohammadreza Jalaeipour are students together at the University of Oxford.Yazdi, who is 76 and has suffered prostate cancer, was later released.Moussavi and former president Khatami have sent a letter to Iran's courts urging them to release arrested activists and protesters.
Honduran soldiers block the road at the Honduras-Nicaragua border in Paraiso, Honduras.A less restrictive curfew remained in effect in other parts of the country, the paper said.Micheletti has steadfastly rejected that a coup took place, saying Zelaya's removal was a constitutional transfer of power.
I think that I could have influenced General Jaruzelski in Poland to change his attitude toward the opposition and to see that dissidents such as Adam Michnik and Jacek Kuron were also patriots despite their criticism of the ruling party.By 1992 there were foundations in 22 countries and expenditure had reached $53 million.But the ideal of an open society is difficult to suppress and I have not given up hope.
BMW Sauber have opted to pull out Formula One at the end of the 2009 season.It is no secret that these measures do not go as far as the FIA would have liked but a compromise was needed in the interests of harmony in the sport.Hopefully it will be enough to prevent further withdrawals and provide a solid foundation for Formula One," the statement read.
Hussein admitted that Iraq made a mistake by destroying some weapons without U.N. supervision.Hussein also admitted that after participating in the failed assassination attempt against then-Iraqi president Gen. Abdul Karim Qasim in 1959, he had stayed at the same farm where he was captured by U.S. forces in December of 2003.CNN's Carol Cratty contributed to this report.
Daniel Patrick Boyd, left, and Mohammad Omar Aly Hassan are two of the seven men charged.The Boyd family and defendant Mohammad Omar Aly Hassan are identified as U.S.-born citizens.Officials said they are expected to return to court Thursday for detention hearings.
MIT researcher Pablo Valdivia Alvarado works in his lab on a robotic fish he co-created.MIT's mechanical engineers are now turning their attention to new challenges: A robotic manta ray and a terrestrial robot in the form of a salamander.CNN's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report.
All the people are in the same sort of authentic costumes, so you don't have the problem of trying to find authenticity -- it's all around you."Bigelow's thriller tells the story of an elite army EOD bomb squad who battle insurgents and each other, as they disarm a innumerable roadside bombs on the streets of Baghdad.If my film can play any part in that, any small part, then I'm pleased."
Frechette notes that "Colombia and Venezuela have complementary economies" and could sell more goods to each other under better conditions.It's not clear that they would walk away from the relationship."CNN's Laura Perez Maestro and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report.
She says its high sugar content, low water content and low pH are all factors.Additionally, some honey produces hydrogen peroxide, which can kill bacteria.Since 2004, Britain's National Health Service has licensed the use of manuka-honey wound dressings and sterilized medical grade manuka-honey creams.
Gene Robinson is the Episcopal Church's first -- and so far only -- openly gay bishop.A number of Episcopal dioceses have broken with the official church structure over gay and lesbian issues, forming the breakaway Anglican Church in North America.They say the mainstream Episcopal Church and the aligned Anglican Church in Canada "have increasingly accommodated and incorporated un-Biblical, un-Anglican practices and teaching."
The U.N. Security Council votes for a resolution imposing sanctions against North Korea on Friday.President Obama's special envoy to North Korea, Stephen Bosworth, called "simply groundless" accusations by Pyongyang that its nuclear and rocket tests were in response to American aggression.Washington officials have said the United States' goal is for North Korea to return to nuclear negotiations with the United States, China, South Korea, Japan and Russia, known as the six-party talks.
A group pays tribute to Michael Jackson by performing some of his signature moves.Fans have flocked to Jackson's boyhood home in the days following his death in Los Angeles, California, on June 25.Autopsy results are pending.
Mark Guilbeau, senior investigator with the Fulton County Medical Examiner's office in Atlanta, said an autopsy will be conducted Sunday, and results are expected by afternoon.Watch Forrest's manager react to his death » Forrest was the International Boxing Federation welterweight champion in 2001, the World Boxing Council welterweight champion in 2002-2003, and the WBC light welterweight champion in 2007-2008 and 2008-2009, according to the BoxRec Web site.He was named the World Boxing Hall of Fame fighter of the year in 2002, according to BoxRec.
Supporters of former president and current candidate Malam Sanha rally in Bissau.He was accused of purging political rivals and suppressing dissent, but several coup attempts in the 1980s and early 1990s failed to unseat him.A 1998 conflict led to the closure of the U.S. Embassy, which operates from neighboring Senegal.
She worked for Sen. Edward Kennedy as special counsel on the Clarence Thomas and David Souter confirmation hearings.As Page acknowledges, the relationship between life experience and decision-making is an empirical question -- a question of fact to be determined based on research.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daria Roithmayr and Guy-Uriel Charles.
But they're still human beings, and they deserve due process," Newman said.Abortion rights supporters were predominant in the 50 to 75 people gathered outside the clinic Friday morning. "There is no middle ground.
Kennedy lived up to the ideals of three older brothers, all of whom died young -- Joseph in World War II, President John and Sen. Robert assassinated -- his son said. "Kennedy, the patriarch of America's leading Democratic family for more than 40 years, died at the age of 77 on Tuesday, 15 months after being diagnosed with brain cancer.CNN's Jessica Yellin, John King and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report.
Scheffer said officials "are in the process of examining the current institutional structure of the NATO-Russia Council and have agreed to make it a more efficient and valuable instrument for our political dialogue and practical cooperation."Scheffer, who is completing his term as NATO head, said it is the latest time he will chair the NATO-Russia Council as well.He said he is "confident" that the council "will continue to be an important channel for dialogue and cooperation among its members in the future."
Jackie Nikelia Thorpe's body was found along Seven Bridges Road in August 2007.So I think it's someone who would fit very easily within the environment," the psychologist said.Jarneice Latonya Hargrove, 31, whose skeletal remains were found June 29, 2009 in woods off the road.
After making landfall on Baja California, Hurricane Jimena started weakening Wednesday night.At its peak Tuesday, Jimena was a Category 4 storm, with winds of 145 mph (233 kph).CNN's Betty Nguyen, Matt Cherry and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report.
Garrido, then 25, "told [Hall] it wasn't intentional that he had taken her, but that it was her fault because she was attractive," according to the documents. "Most of the details about what happened to me after I entered that warehouse have been repressed."I can only wish her the best."
Andre Greipel of Team Columbia celebrates as he wins the 225km fourth stage of the Tour of Spain.However, I really want to direct my first words to my fellow racers in the peloton who were involved in the spill. "The duo started the Giro d'Italia, the Tour de France and the Vuelta along with Cancellara, Britain's David Millar and American Tyler Farrar, with the latter trio failing to finish in Italy.
Tropical Storm Kevin has also emerged in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.However, Berg said it is weak -- with winds at a mere 50 mph -- and is not expected to pose a serious threat.CNN Radio's John Lorinc and Brendan Gage contributed to this report.
Except for soldiers in advisory roles, all U.S. combat troops will leave Iraqi cities and towns by June 30.I'm not authorized to do anything outside the borders of Iraq," he said.Iran's government has repeatedly denied fomenting violence inside Iraq.
Relatives of passengers of the plane that crashed arrive at Marseille airport in southern France.The cause remains under investigation.CNN's Saad Abedine contributed to this report
A spokeswoman for Nestle said the company's baking division was informed Monday of the finding.She said the tainted product was in a 16.5-ounce package that had a day code of 9041 and a "best before 10 JUN 2009" on the package.The plant where the dough was produced has been shut since June 18.
Sometimes when it's [the score] two to one in a kickball came, I get the jitters," he says.Once a year, I get to build something for the kid in me," says Jason Hogue, a 41-year-old carpenter, who has participated in the race for eight years.Ten years ago, you couldn't have easily found another kickball player, even if you wanted to play."
An autographed photo of Rolling Stones founder Brian Jones who was found dead in July 1969 Police in Sussex, in southern England, have confirmed they are examining documents given to them by an investigative journalist who has been researching events surrounding Jones' death.The theory gained credence after Thorogood allegedly confessed to the killing before his death in 1993.Lawson died of cancer soon after telling Scott Jones her new sworn testimony.
In this file photo Tamil civilians are seen at Menik Farm refugee camp on the outskirts of Vavuniya, Sri Lanka.Human rights activists say, however, that the government is not working fast enough.Human Rights Watch said Sri Lanka's goal now was to resettle only 60 percent of the refugees by year's end.
Daniel Patrick Boyd, left, and Mohammad Omar Aly Hassan are two of the seven men charged.It was unclear whether the seven had hired lawyers, and the federal public defender's office in Raleigh did not immediately return a phone call.CNN's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report.
Of course we're looking at him." "My dad, my mom, my uncle, my cousin... my dad, he's laying there dead.Brunswick is about 300 miles southeast of Atlanta, on the Georgia coast.
The repurcussions of World War II lasted decades for Poland.Tusk also answered critics who felt his country and the world should now move on from World War II.She said that a unified, peaceful Europe was a blessing and indeed a miracle.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin (right) chats with his Polish counterpart Donald Tusk in Poland on Tuesday.Later on Tuesday, many of the world's leading classical musicians, playing together as the World Orchestra for Peace, performed a concert in Krakow to mark the 70th anniversary.Watch highlights of the performance »
Three missing boaters were returned safely to Port Aransas, Texas, after their rescue on Saturday. "He plans to head to Fort Worth, Texas, to reunite with his family, he said.CNN's Janet DiGiacomo and Karen Zuker contributed to this report.
Turbiville, who reportedly recruited prostitutes through the online site Craigslist, was in court Monday on a charge of promotion of prostitution.Investigators said the women met their clients in upscale hotels and charged about $350 an hour, the affiliate reported.Clients also met prostitutes in a luxurious three-bedroom apartment, police told the affiliate.
From your brother Pete, I remember you," it said so simply and yet so elegantly.The flowers were fresh, and so was the ink on the card. "Not just the boys -- the faces of the old men, too.
Calderon's job got tougher when the bottom fell out of the global economy late last year and the H1N1 flu outbreak drew the world's attention to Mexico this year.One U.S. politician said Mexico was undergoing a civil war.The question is whether they're convinced that voting will lead to anything."
Why you should follow her: She's prolific, so you always have something to read, and she knows her stuff.If you're not yet certain you want to start posting your own daily activities for everyone to read, you can still use the service as a resource for tips on finding a job and keeping up with industry news.The information contained in this article may not be published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
Florence Henderson is often asked for hugs by complete strangers.And on Mother's Day every year, her mailbox fills with cards from people she doesn't know but who think of her as Mom. "For a moment, the interviewer feels like a Brady.
They were very lucky because this is a high-traffic area," Ahmad said. "You have the expressway, the bank and stores in the area.They were blessed to land how they did."
The other pilot on the flight, Capt.Marvin Renslow had nearly a full day off beforehand, but safety board investigators found that he slept in the Newark Airport crew lounge, against Colgan Air regulations.CNN's Edmund DeMarche contributed to this report.
She credits her brighter future to the program. "That's what this is really all about -- saving the lives of children."Check out Youth Becoming Healthy and see how to help.
The official acknowledged this phase of the usual ebb and flow of North Korean behavior seems to be lasting longer.Vehicular activity had been spotted around a long-range missile site in late May, U.S. Defense Department officials told CNN at the time.The ship is suspected of carrying weapons because it is known to have carried proliferation materials previously, though U.S. officials concede they are not certain of the ship's holdings.
An autographed photo of Rolling Stones founder Brian Jones who was found dead in July 1969 Police in Sussex, in southern England, have confirmed they are examining documents given to them by an investigative journalist who has been researching events surrounding Jones' death.The theory gained credence after Thorogood allegedly confessed to the killing before his death in 1993.Lawson died of cancer soon after telling Scott Jones her new sworn testimony.
Searchers have discovered hundreds of pieces of wreckage from Air France Flight 447.Brazil called off the search for bodies June 27, having found 51 of the 228 people who died, according to the military.Investigators have also found more than 600 parts and structural components of the plane, along with luggage, Bouillard said.
And then "Dangerous" was knocked out of its No.In July 2008, after three years away from the spotlight, Jackson announced a series of concerts at London's O2 Arena as his "curtain call."He is survived by his three children, Prince Michael I, Paris and Prince Michael II.
The ruling could be worth a lot of money to him.BBC television, for example, pays £43.89 ($72.40) per minute in royalties each time it plays the four-minute song, according to PRS for Music, which collects royalties on behalf of music writers, composers and publishers BBC Radio 2 pays £19.35 ($31.92) per minute.Writers and composers receive royalties until 70 years after their death in the British system.
Since Calderon went after the drug cartels shortly after coming into office in 2006, more than 10,000 people have died across Mexico, about 1,000 of them police.The state of Michoacan, on Mexico's southwest Pacific coast, is not alone in the wave of violence sweeping the country.The border city of Ciudad Juarez set a record this weekend when its toll of drug-related deaths for the year topped 1,000, a distinction the Mexican city did not reach last year until September.
The French military has detected a rescue beacon, but rescue workers say the wreckage is difficult to reach in deep waters.The plane's data recorders have yet to be found, said Capt.Mohammed Abdel Rahman Abdel Qadir, a spokesman for Yemen's civil aviation department.
Though Saudi officials have maintained publicly that Sultan's health has improved, the appointment in late March of a second deputy prime minister raised more questions.In April, King Abdullah named the interior minister, Prince Nayef -- the powerful brother of the crown prince and half-brother to the king -- to the post of second deputy prime minister.While many Saudis took the appointment to mean that Nayef is now the country's crown prince in waiting and second in line to be king, others interpreted it as a simple administrative move, ensuring leadership at home if Abdullah and Sultan are abroad at the same time.
Alberto Pizango, a leader of the protesters, says his followers did not kill police officers.Several days ago, Garcia announced an arrest warrant had been issued for Pizango, who is accused of inciting his followers to violence.Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde contributed to this story from Lima.
Lt.I wouldn't have missed the party for the world.Sitting on that panel with Ray was Andrew Kinard.
Police block supporters of opposition candidate Pierre Mamboundou in Libreville, Gabon.Despite its wealth, which also comes from timber exports, a large percentage of its population lives in poverty because of poor financial management and a huge gap between the rich and the poor.CNN's Umaro Djau contributed to this report.
In 2006, he received a hero's welcome in his father's native Kenya.Before the G8 summit, the president is scheduled to travel to Moscow from July 6 to July 8 at the invitation of Russian leader Dmitry Medvedev.The G8 is made up of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, England and the United States.
A wildfire burns close to blackened hills in the Angeles National Forest outside Los Angeles on Wednesday.Firefighters could get another break if temperatures cool off on Friday, as expected.CNN's Barbara Starr in Lake View Terrace, California, contributed to this report.
It didn't start this way Perlin grew up in Lake Arrowhead, not far from Hollywood, where from the age of 10 he ripped around the largely rural area on motocross bikes before he graduated onto some seriously heavy machinery -- including his own super-modified Harley Davidson that packs a 350 Chevy car engine.I did it again and just hit it perfect," he said. "You might get squished.
In the back of these trucks, giant, brightly painted statues of the Hindu god Ganesha are waiting to be dropped in the nearby ocean.He estimates that, in the city of Mumbai alone, several hundred thousand idols are made annually.It will take time to change people's attitudes," he said.
Afghan police officers use tractors to destroy poppy crops in Helmand province earlier this year.If you can just help the people of Afghanistan in this way, the fighting will go away, these Taliban and other enemies of the country will also disappear," Qadir said.CNN's Atia Abawi contributed to this report.
Dr. Jorge Mario Gonzalez was found dead at his ranch last month, police say.The officer was able to provide a detailed description of the vehicles, he said.The officer found Gonzalez' wife and toddler unharmed inside the home.
There was but a single dissent.The decision came down one month before President Nixon nominated Burger.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lucas A. Powe Jr.
She showed up right between shots when we were moving the cameras.We got her into her wedding day.We went and got our shots; she came out when she was done -- huzzahs all the way around and before the sun went down we were still able to finish up our day.
Slumdog Millionaire" is the story of Jamal, an impoverished, uneducated teen who competes on an Indian game show.Ismail, who played a young Jamal's brother, Salim, traveled to Los Angeles, California, in February for this year's Academy Awards, where the movie won eight Oscars, including best picture.CNN's Sara Sidner contributed to this story.
Since Calderon went after the drug cartels shortly after coming into office in 2006, more than 10,000 people have died across Mexico, about 1,000 of them police.The state of Michoacan, on Mexico's southwest Pacific coast, is not alone in the wave of violence sweeping the country.The border city of Ciudad Juarez set a record this weekend when its toll of drug-related deaths for the year topped 1,000, a distinction the Mexican city did not reach last year until September.
Nearly all of Britain's troops in Iraq will have left by the week's end.It was a group of Iraqi lawmakers loyal to anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr that prevented parliament from approving a new agreement on British troops.CNN's Jonathan Wald in London and Youssif Basil in Baghdad, Iraq, contributed to this report.
It was an initiative of the National Commission for Disarmament, Demobilization, Reintegration and Rehabilitation, which is responsible for assisting former fighters.When you ask them how they felt after they were amputated, most of them wanted to kill themselves," says Tolbert. "Send your photos and stories to iReport
With testosterone, they will grow hair on their face and chest after about two years.Chastity Bono, who now goes by "Chaz," has been a prominent gay-rights activist. "You could speculate that that could make it more complicated -- when you're a public figure -- to take on something stigmatizing" such as a gender transition, Kraft said.
What keeps us up at night now is that people are still struggling.Schools are a dismal failure.iReport.com: Who do you think will win?
A Brazilian diver floats on wreckage of Flight 447 earlier this month.The company is also providing families with counseling, he said.The were 32 different nationalities present on Flight 447.
Provost's family believed that he was killed partly because of his sexual orientation.However, a spokesman for Camp Pendleton, where the shooting took place, said there was no indication early in the investigation that the killing was a hate crime.Along with the murder charge, Campos was facing charges of drug use, larceny, burglary, theft, arson and unlawful handling of a deceased individual.
Michael Jackson spent 11 months living in Bahrain after his acquittal on child abuse charges in the U.S. He spent much of the past four years flitting from one part of the globe to another, failing to put down permanent roots.He had not been seen in the two weeks after the trial before reports emerged from Bahrain that he and his children had landed there on a private jet as the guests of Sheikh Abdulla Bin Hamad Bin Isa Al-Khalifa, the king's son, and a friend of Jackson's brother, Jermaine.In November last year the High Court in London was told the dispute had ended with an "amicable settlement," the details of which remain confidential.
The electricity is used to power this farm and a dozen neighboring homes, Saylor said.Manure comes from the cows, and there's energy left in the manure."I've always looked at new technologies and believed you kind of have to work with that stuff to stay with the future."
She looked the part.Heads bobbed while the songs thumped over the loudspeakers, with applause and cheers erupting after each cut.God takes care of his children."
E-cigarettes are battery-operated and contain cartridges filled with nicotine and other chemicals.Other samples detected carcinogens that are dangerous to those who smoke them, the FDA said.CNN's Valerie Willingham contributed to this report.
I do not know where I'll go, but I am clear that it will be a team that is 100 per cent behind me."Contador eventually finished the race over four minutes clear of Luxembourg's Andy Schleck, with American Armstrong -- who was riding in his first Tour since completing the last of his seven wins in 2005 -- a remarkable third.It was Contador's fourth successive grand tour victory, after he also won last year's Giro d'Italia and Vuelta Espana following the Tour organizers' decision not to invite the Astana team to the race.
Bird detection, and standards for engines to handle bird strikes, are among subjects to be covered in the hearing.Other topics include pilot training for ditching and forced landings on water, and cabin-safety training, emergency procedures and equipment.CNN's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report.
Michelle May, an American and Irish national, was detained and forced to leave Iran. "The Basij, Iran's feared volunteer paramilitary group, has cracked down on the thousands of protesters in the bloody aftermath of the Islamic republic's disputed presidential election. "They know that they're risking their lives, but they are so fed up that they're willing to do that."
The repurcussions of World War II lasted decades for Poland.Tusk also answered critics who felt his country and the world should now move on from World War II.She said that a unified, peaceful Europe was a blessing and indeed a miracle.
Authorities say they found nothing illegal in Jonathan Ayers' car after he was slain during a drug sting.According to Bankhead, Ayers then put the car into drive, and another officer fired into the car, hitting Ayers, because he thought his life was in danger. "CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin (right) chats with his Polish counterpart Donald Tusk in Poland on Tuesday.Later on Tuesday, many of the world's leading classical musicians, playing together as the World Orchestra for Peace, performed a concert in Krakow to mark the 70th anniversary.Watch highlights of the performance »
The power to control minds with sound was his salvation, he said, and would help others before they committed violence.It will begin to open a new pathway for us all.God willing, I will be teaching this and other skills Christ is providing for me in the prisons throughout the U.S. as well as overseas," he wrote.
The Yongbyon nuclear facility, home of North Korea's nuclear program.In the coming days, U.S. envoy Stephen Bosworth and the director of the State Department's Office of Korean Affairs, Sung Kim, will meet with officials representing China, Japan, South Korea and Russia -- all countries partnering with the United States in talks aimed at ending North Korea's nuclear program.The two Koreas have officially remained in conflict since the conclusion of the Korean War in 1953, which ended in a truce, but no formal peace treaty was signed.
Red flags warned people to stay out of the water, in case they needed any reminding.A dangerous storm surge along with battering waves will produce significant coastal flooding along the Baja California Peninsula," NWS said.CNN's Betty Nguyen and CNN Radio's Matt Cherry and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report.
A victim of an ISAF airstrike on a hijacked oil tanker is carried into the Kunduz hospital on Friday.The patrol continued its investigation Friday afternoon.CNN's Chris Lawrence, Ingrid Formanek and Wahid Mayar contributed to this report
Societe Generale believes Kerviel alone was responsible for the losses, which the bank announced in January 2008.Kerviel maintains he was not acting alone, Veil said. "The decision of the (court) confirms 100 percent the complaint of the bank, and that Kerviel was alone when he organized this massive fraud and that he was acting completely out of his (own accord)," Veil told CNN.
Tina Dugard speaks to the media Thursday about how her niece Jaycee is reconnecting with her family.Watch Jaycee's aunt speak to the media » "Jaycee is a remarkable young woman who has raised two beautiful daughters," she said. "Tina Dugard said she snapped the third photo at the 1991 Rose Bowl Parade when she asked her niece to "make a face for me, and she did."
Michael Schumacher?Though Fangio was the greatest, Stewart rated fellow countryman Jim Clark as the best driver he raced against. "Use the Sound Off box to have you say.
Soldiers try to dig out the body of a victim buried by a landslide caused by the earthquake. "At least seven people were injured and one building collapsed.CNN Radio's Chris Chandler contributed to this report.
After killing Tate, according to historical accounts of the murders, Atkins scrawled the word "pig" in blood on the door of the home Tate shared with her husband, director Roman Polanski.The panel is expected to render its decision following the hearing after deliberating behind closed doors, she said.But she passed that deadline, he wrote, and celebrated her 21st wedding anniversary on December 7.
5.When he died 13 years later, his attorneys notified the unsuspecting beneficiaries that they stood to inherit their benefactor's cash, his home, and his car.All rights reserved.
Rifqa Bary, 17, ran away from her family in Columbus, Ohio, in July.Mohamed Bary told CNN he believes a lot of false information has been circulated about the case. "Watch the heated exchanges » Another hearing is scheduled for September 29 if the family is not able to resolve the conflict through mediation.
The Taliban's overthrow in 2001 seemed to open the door to new opportunity.The nonprofit organization has been working with the government of New Zealand to distribute $1.2 million over a three-year period to develop eco-tourism as an industry in Bamiyan.They were sent by their organizations from less secure parts of Afghanistan, to take temporary shelter within the mountain walls of Bamiyan Valley.
For the other seven, viewing was scheduled for Friday night, and a funeral is to be held Saturday afternoon at Youngs Island Church in Eulonia, Georgia.44, and three siblings: Michelle Toler, 15; Michael Toler, 19; and Russell D. Toler Jr., 20.CNN's Sean Calebs contributed to this report.
CDC: The H1N1 virus is spreading in the United States, particularly in the Southeast.Frieden said the H1N1 virus -- which he said never really went away, judging by the cases reported this summer -- is spreading in the United States, particularly in the Southeast. "CNN's Mariam Falco contributed to this report.
An Airbus 310 like the one pictured crashed while on the way to the capital of Comoros.The planes landed safely and there were no injuries or damage, according to the National Transportation Safety Board.CNN's Saad Abedine and Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report.
The blast, at 3:30 a.m. on Memorial Day, damaged a nearby bench and shattered the store's windows, the commissioner said.No one was injured in the explosion, but the bomb was powerful enough to have caused serious injuries if anyone had been nearby, Kelly said.Shaw has been charged with arson, criminal possession of a weapon and criminal mischief, he added.
For all their insistence on how unlike they are from one another, the three U.S. presidential candidates share some noteworthy family connections, the New England Historic Genealogical Society has found.Conservatives who sometimes accuse Democrats of being in bed with liberal Hollywood elites may have been handed one more round of ammunition by the Society's findings.E-mail to a friend
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad lashed out at President Obama on Thursday. "Official results gave Ahmadinejad a 2-to-1 victory over his nearest rival, former Prime Minister Mir Hossein Moussavi.If there is real change, the Iranian nation will welcome it."
Third, we tend to listen only to like-minded opinions as media fragmentation encourages us to filter out varying perspectives.First, the labels ascribed to many potential policy tools render sensible options taboo, loading what could be rational, economic or social measures with moral baggage.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz.
About 100 people have filed a complaint against Abdul Jawad, alleging among other things, that he violated a principle of Shariah law by "publicizing his sinful behavior," the daily said.It is unclear what punishment, if any, Abdul Jawad faces.CNN has been unable to reach Abdul Jawad or the Saudi Ministry of Justice for comment.
Terry's success continued into the 1990s and with 65 pictures held by London's National Portrait Gallery, he is today revered as one the great British photographers.Born in the east end of London in 1938, he began his photographic career working for an airline at Heathrow Airport as part of their photographic unit.Terry O'Neill's images will be on exhibition through Getty Images Gallery in a pop-up gallery at Westfield, London from 7th July until 3rd August.
OxiClean pitchman Billy Mays apparently died from heart disease, according to the medical examiner.He said he was groggy, he wasn't feeling that great.CNN's John Zarrella, Vivian Kuo and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report.
Khami Prison is located about 500 kilometers (310 miles) southwest of the Zimbabwean capital of Harare and holds more than 2,000 inmates.The water disconnection raises the possibility that diseases such as cholera could break out, the Law Society said.Last year, a number of prisoners died due to various diseases related to lack of water, hunger and inhuman and unhygienic conditions, the group charged.
Rifqa Bary claims her father wants her dead after she converted to Christianity.The Noor Islamic Cultural Center has denied the allegations.After the court hearing, the judge may force all the parties involved into mediation, followed by an adjudication hearing.
A post on the group's Facebook page Thursday morning said they had gotten more than 1.2 million page views on Wednesday, even though the site was down for much of the day.Andrew and his brother Adam, 25, said they thought of the site after a visit to a South Carolina Wal-Mart where they saw a woman they believed to be a stripper, wearing an obscene T-shirt and leading a toddler in a harness.People [who send e-mails wanting to take pictures] say, 'I haven't been to Wal-Mart in years, but now I have a reason to go,' " he said.
Two men walk by tyres set on fire by opposition supporters in Libreville, Gabon.Before the results were made public, all three candidates had previously claimed victory, with the opposition candidates denouncing what they said was fraud in the election and vote-counting.CNN's Alanne Orjoux and Umaro Djau contributed to this report.
Maybe the shape, the curve -- or maybe it was the soft hollow spot at the bottom.Once inside, driving, he kept looking away from the road, stealing glances at her neck.All Rights Reserved.
Somali refugees in Kenya queue to find out about a move to a displacement camp.More pressure from the international community is needed to make it happen."Government officials have struggled to establish authority amid challenges by Islamist groups that have seized control of some cities.
Art Garfunkel: We can't speak for Paul Simon, but at least half of Simon and Garfunkel was really, really good at math.In fact, I was the only teacher not in a habit."All rights reserved.
The company board formally approved Toyoda, 53, for the job on Tuesday.He has been with Toyota for 24 years.His grandfather slightly altered the family name when christening the company "Toyota," which has eight brush strokes in Japanese -- a fortuitous number.
In 2006, Time Magazine named her one of the top 10 U.S. senators, calling her "the caretaker." "In an interview with National Public Radio in 2006, she said that while her views are moderate, Maine, like other New England states, has been "naturally independent" "Oftentimes, I tell my leadership, don't blame me, it's just where I grew up," she said at the time.CNN's Dana Bash, Ed Henry and Mark Preston contributed to this report.
A private funeral for Michael Jackson will be held Thursday in Glendale, California, his family says.A summary of the coroner's report said the anesthetic propofol and the sedative lorazepam were the primary drugs responsible for the singer's death.Los Angeles police detectives have not concluded their criminal investigation and no one has been charged.
All the people are in the same sort of authentic costumes, so you don't have the problem of trying to find authenticity -- it's all around you."Bigelow's thriller tells the story of an elite army EOD bomb squad who battle insurgents and each other, as they disarm a innumerable roadside bombs on the streets of Baghdad.If my film can play any part in that, any small part, then I'm pleased."
The cause of his death, at age 50, was pending toxicology results.Another hearing has been set for Monday. --CNN's Drew Griffin, Kathleen Johnston, Michael Carey, Paul Vercammen, Carol Cratty and Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report.
A Mexican soldier controls traffic at the Mexico-U.S. border customs post in Ciudad Juarez on August 16.more than 300 people were killed, the deadliest month so far this year.The operation's spokesman, Enrique Torres, said the military is "evaluating the security situation" in the city and will be "implementing a gradual withdrawal."
Baez cited a number of reasons in his request to the judge to move the case to south Florida, where he says it has been covered far less and there is a "large and diverse jury pool."Local media in the Orlando area, he argued, have affected Anthony's chances of getting a fair trial not only in Orange County but in much of Central Florida.If the judge rejects his request to move the trial to Miami, Baez said Broward County, about a 45-minute drive north of Miami, is a second choice.
Two of those who failed to get the required majority votes enabling them to start work officially were female nominees: Sousan Keshavarz for the education ministry and Fatemeh Ajorlou for welfare and social security.Hundreds of thousands of Iranians took to the streets for more than two weeks to protest the June 12 election results, calling them fraudulent after Ahmadinejad was declared the overwhelming winner.More than 1,000 people were arrested in a government crackdown, and Iran said at least 30 people were killed in post-election violence.
Although Turkey has a predominantly Muslim population and culture, religion is a sensitive subject because of the country's staunchly secular constitution which outlaws most displays of faith in public life.Last year the Islamist-influenced government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan clashed with the country's constitutional court when judges overturned the efforts of Erdogan's AK Party to lift a ban on female students wearing headscarves at public universities.Aylin Yazan at CNN Turk contributed to this story.
Lee Vance, Jackson assistant police chief, said the rear roof of the house sustained most of the damage from the crash, and no one answered the door when emergency personnel arrived, leading him to believe the house was unoccupied at the time.The helicopter, which was registered to a local company and operated out of the airport, was demolished in the crash, authorities said.No further details about the crash were available.
On CNN's "Larry King Live" Tuesday night, Daniel Schuler said his wife, Diane, was not an alcoholic.A fifth child, Schuler's son, survived.They have lost a loved one to a senseless tragedy, and these claims do nothing but add insult to injury."
The Hatteras Island ferry service was temporarily suspended, but had reopened by midday, and Highway 12 was clear, she said.The island, which is part of the Cape Hatteras National Seashore, can be reached only by ferry, private boat or plane.The FBI and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives were going to investigate on Saturday, she said.
The coroner ruled that the anesthetic drug propofol and the sedative lorazepam were the primary drugs responsible for the death.Los Angeles police detectives have not concluded their criminal investigation into the singer's death.No one has been charged.
It's an affordable giant-killer."Toyota Camry: A major transportation appliance "I think the Camry gets a bad rap for being the 'microwave oven' of the car industry," said Bell. "Markwalder on Smart ForTwo: "Experimenters with a sense of humor who would rather sprint away from a light than hold up traffic."
The cross-currents are intriguing: He's getting his first taste of the high life, just as George is trying to savor his last days by reliving his first steps on the circuit.Some of these are choice (Ira's real last name is "Wiener," pronounced "Whiner"), but many, many more feel flabby and redundant.For Entertainment Weekly's take, click here.
The caskets were laid side by side for graveside ceremonies Saturday in Eulonia, Georgia.You don't go in and kill eight people and nobody hears screams or shots or anything like that with trailers that close together," she said.CNN's Sean Callebs and Lee Garen contributed to this report.
Only 41 unprovoked shark attacks have been reported in the U.S. since 2008.Chatham's Harbor Master's office issued a public notice after the sightings Thursday, saying the waters surrounding Chatham are "now a year-round home to a few thousand seals."The last fatal shark attack in Massachussetts occurred in 1936.
I was hand sanitizing.I don't know how this happened."CNN's John Bonifield contributed to this report.
Authorities say mother-to-child transmission is a major source of infection among children.Last year, 19,986 pregnant women among more than 4 million tested were found to be HIV-positive, said Azad.Of them, 10,179 received treatment to prevent transmission to their babies.
The companies whose bids were rejected Tuesday have been given time to review their offers, he said.Iraq has some of the largest oil reserves in the world, with an estimated 115 billion barrels -- tying Iran for second place, behind Saudi Arabia's 264 billion barrels, according to estimates from the Energy Information Administration in the United States.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh in Baghdad contributed to this report.
Comic book legend Stan Lee, the brain behind heroes such as Spider-Man and the X-Men, said in his comic books doing good -- and availing one's self -- was indeed the calling card for superheroes. "And I realized after doing what I did, that people don't really look after people."The mask," an old bullfighter's piece, "I got from Tijuana."
Karim Sadjadpour, an associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, said the image of Neda and other women at the protests showed the difference from the 1979 revolution. "This shows the new face of Iran -- the young women who are the vanguards of Iran."CNN's Ivan Watson and Wayne Drash contributed to this report.
Timothy Murray, 29, who is charged with murder, remains at large, authorities in Louisiana say.He repeated what St. Tammany Parish Sheriff Jack Strain said early Friday: "Four inmates were able to defeat the structure of the maximum security area of our jail."Deputies have canvassed neighborhoods, going door to door to warn residents that an inmate is still at large.
On June 1, an Air France Airbus A330 crashed off Brazil while en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris, France.The cause remains under investigation.CNN's Saad Abedine and Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report
Darcy Antonellis, president of technical operations for Warner Bros. (which is owned by the parent company of CNN), said the growth of technology has aided the pirates. "And in 2005, a pirated print of "Star Wars: Episode III -- Revenge of the Sith" was uploaded to the Web within hours of the movie's release.CNN.com's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story.
This inclinometer, which can be used in homemade bombs, was easily bought and shipped overseas.Export laws in the United States have remained virtually unchanged since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Anne-Marie Lasowski of the GAO told the committee.She called for a "holistic" approach involving all agencies charged with security and commerce for an issue involving billions of dollars in exports.
From left, musicians Tom Petty, Jeff Lynne and Paul McCartney join Harrison's relatives for dedication of his star. "In addition to his post-Beatles solo career, Harrison played with several groups -- most notably the Traveling Wilburys, alongside Petty, Lynne, Roy Orbison and Bob Dylan.CNN's Denise Quan contributed to this report.
I deeply apologize to the Catholic community and especially to my bishop and to my brother priests who are faithful and who are committed to celibacy," Cutie said.First photos of a priest 'in flagrante' with his lover."Before being removed, he was president and general director of Pax Catholic Communications, home of Radio Paz and Radio Peace in Miami.
Some kids from the Creative Steps Day Care center say club members made racial remarks.CNN attempted to speak with club President John Duesler on Thursday.I even received an e-mail from a woman in Florida telling us we did the right thing. "
I was here 14 years ago.We help them get some marketable skills; therefore, they may get a job or continue training afterward," Chan said. "I believe everyone deserves a second chance."
The Movie" come about?You sit there for hours, days and weeks with a guitar and piano until something good comes.BU: I would like for my children to feel that what I left behind was something that I did whole heartedly and with honesty, and something that was the best I could do and hopefully that they too can enjoy.
For them, I am the true loot, and turning me over would be their major deal."Correa denied those allegations, asking the nation's civil service commission to investigate.All the contributions of money for Correa's campaign weren't worth a damn."
I was flabbergasted."I don't think he had any family to call," he said.CNN's Doug Gross contributed to this report.
This year, three South Koreans registered as press were ejected for asking questions that led organizers to believe were on an intelligence-gathering mission instead of merely reporting, according to the IDG News Service.I was connected to the Internet using an EVDO wireless card and a virtual private network and was startled a short while later when a Web page opened up out of the blue and I noticed the VPN was disconnected.CNET, CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. Used by permission.
Shawne Merriman is accused of restraining reality TV star Tila Tequlia as she tried to leave his home, police say.At no time did Mr. Merriman keep her against her will," Macaluso said. "The Chargers begin their 2009 NFL regular-season campaign on September 14 in Oakland, California, for a game against the Raiders.
Members of a search and rescue team look for bodies near Jakarta.With poor sanitation and a hot and humid climate, the risk of water-borne diseases is usually a major concern following floods in the city, where mosquito-transmitted malaria is also a threat.CNN's Andy Saputra contributed to this report.
It was just downright stupid," Terry Pearson says of guard misconduct in Afghanistan.The actions of the embassy guards went beyond pranks or laughs, he said. "CNN's Paula Newton contributed to this report.
I believe you will like the result."Much of the movie is a dialogue between Washington and Travolta's character over a two-way radio.Many of the action shots were filmed in New York subway tunnels.
An artist's sketch shows Walter Kendall Myers, 72, and his wife, Gwendolyn Myers, 71, in court Wednesday.A future trial date has not been scheduled.CNN's Carol Cratty contributed to this report.
In February, a Tabasco police official who had arrested a drug trafficker a week earlier was killed together with his mother, wife, children and nieces and nephews.His brother, also a state police officer, was wounded, as were two others.The day before Fuentes and his family were killed, unknown gunmen fatally shot two state police officers in Villahermosa and injured two others.
Air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane landed, aviation officials said.Seven people were seriously injured and emergency officials were working to free the plane's co-pilot who was trapped in the plane, officials said.CNN's Dan Rivers contributed to this report.
Richard Thomas and his wife, Sandra, were arrested Tuesday night at their home in Lakeland, Florida.A separate statement by Capitals president Dick Patrick said the team had "no reason to believe there is any merit to this story," but would fully cooperate with the NHL's investigation.CNN's John Couwels contributed to this report.
Watch a fire official give details on the "tragic" accident » Dietrich said the blaze had destroyed two communications arrays in the area but had not flared up on Mount Wilson, home to 20 television and radio transmission towers, fire and police communications equipment and the Mount Wilson Observatory.But six people in the evacuation area had refused repeated requests to leave, said Commander David Fender, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department's incident commander. "CNN's Rob Marciano, Chad Myers, John Torigoe and Stephanie Chen contributed to this report.
As the Italian maestro closes in on an eighth world title, CNN charts the rise of the charismatic king of two wheels.In front.With 25 points separating him from his young rival and Yamaha teammate Jorge Lorenzo, few would back against the great man relinquishing his title come the season's end.
He estimates that his method could be available clinically in five years, after researchers find ways to reduce the required number of cells by a factor of 10 or even 100.However, because it is an invasive surgical procedure in which stem cells are delivered through a catheter, there is a risk of perforation of about 1 percent, he said.This is a good idea, but patients and families should not expect immediate results," he said.
The position won't necessarily go to a woman; male and transgender witches are also invited to apply.Applicants are told they must, however, be knowledgeable in the history of witchcraft, be willing to travel, sleep overnight in caves, and cannot be allergic to cats.Organizers say they've had applications from men, women and 230 mothers-in-law.
Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority President Barbara McKinzie denies the claims in the lawsuit against her.AKA was founded in 1908 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.CNN's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report.
Police say the suspect may be driving a light gray or champagne tan 1991-94 two-door Ford Explorer.But he cautioned against taking that too far. "Our concern is that people are going to start shooting at shadows," he said.
The envoy, Philip Goldberg, said the talks showed "strong commitment" by all nations to enforcing Security Council Resolution 1874, which authorized sanctions against North Korea's weapons program. "What I found in that room and in my dealings with other governments... is unity of view," Goldberg said, specifically mentioning China, which is North Korea's longtime supporter. "Commitment to implementation is strong and unified," he said.
A source at the airport's public relations division confirmed the arrest but declined to be named.Coolio is best known for his 1995 hip-hop hit "Gangsta's Paradise."Efforts to reach his publicist were unsuccessful.
Disney World calls its employees "cast members."The monorail was shut after the accident, Griffin said.Images from the scene showed the front car of a train badly damaged where it hit the other train at a station.
A guard keeps watch from a tower at the military facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.Leon said that given the "substantial and troubling uncertainties regarding petitioner's conduct and whereabouts prior to his detention by Pakistani forces, the [U.S.] government has failed to establish a preponderance of the evidence" that el-Gharani was an al Qaeda agent.The civil case is el-Gharani v. Bush (05-429).
The French military has detected a rescue beacon, but rescue workers say the wreckage is difficult to reach in deep waters.The plane's data recorders have yet to be found, said Capt.Mohammed Abdel Rahman Abdel Qadir, a spokesman for Yemen's civil aviation department.
Wreckage from Flight 447 spotted by search teams in the Atlantic last week.From these sounds engine revs per minute, system failures, speed and the time at which certain events occurred could often be determined, according to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board.CNN's Claudia Dominguez in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report.
In the letter Project On Government Oversight sent to Clinton, Brian wrote that the problems are "posing a significant threat to the security of the embassy and its personnel."Among the recommendations from the group: immediate military supervision of the private security guards, a review of whether the contract should be revoked and consideration as to whether government forces should replace private security in a combat zone.CNN's Charley Keyes contributed to this report.
I didn't give him any advice but I spoke to him a few days before the final decision.I told him that if he wins the Champions League with Barcelona he won't be doing anything extraordinary, seeing as they have won it twice in three years.I like doing something extraordinary, not what's normal."
The Movie" come about?You sit there for hours, days and weeks with a guitar and piano until something good comes.BU: I would like for my children to feel that what I left behind was something that I did whole heartedly and with honesty, and something that was the best I could do and hopefully that they too can enjoy.
Arnold Schwarzenegger says a technical error shouldn't stop the law school graduate from taking the bar exam. "Granda, 29, a University of California-Davis Law School graduate, has petitioned the California Supreme Court to allow her to take Tuesday's test.So for everything to come together in the end and for it to just kind of fall through on such a minor, minor detail."
Rowe's lawyer, Eric George, said the women and their lawyers "engaged in a dignified discussion that resulted in a dignified outcome." "A custody hearing is set for Monday before Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff.CNN's Randi Kaye, Kay Jones and Allison Blakely contributed to this report.
CIVRAY-DE-TOURAINE Château de l'Isle The Château de l'Isle is quiet to the core -- unless you count the chorus of quacks coming from the duck pond on the 35-acre grounds.and Mar., rooms from $85.Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip.
The movies "League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" and "Wild Wild West" are examples of the genre. "In the lobby below her, a 20-piece brass band blasted a set of Henry Mancini show tunes while thousands of attendees filed past.They needed to keep moving, lest anyone be late for the Evil Geniuses for a Better Tomorrow Recruiting Session and Bake Sale.
The atmosphere of intolerance is stoked in part by anti-immigrant groups, an indifferent police department, and county leaders themselves, according to the report.Many said police did not take their reports of attacks seriously, often blaming the victim instead," the report said.The law center recommended that police receive training to take hate-motivated crimes more seriously, and that area leaders avoid language that could be conducive to inciting violence against immigrants.
A 3-year-old also was being treated at the center Monday night.The other injured spectators were treated and released, Eskelson said.CNN's Amanda O'Donnell contributed to this report.
Khamenei described American and European media coverage of the protests as "disrespectful to the people of Iran."Despite any internal differences, Iranians would come together against their "enemy," he said, referring to outsiders. "When it comes to confronting the enemy, even with various differences and viewpoints, [Iranians] will become united and be as one punch against them," he said.
he said. "Blending in with others and not retreating to "a Melanie court" is part of what makes her special, Keeton said.Watching her, it's like watching your own little girl.... My heart's still going crazy."
The 32-year-old documents also detail Garrido's self-described struggle with drugs and his efforts to control his sexual obsessions.Thick opaque plastic sheets were scattered throughout, creating a maze-like atmosphere that prohibited anyone from seeing all the way through, Hall testified.It was just a fantasy he had to live out."
Security officer Stephen Johns reportedly opened the door for the man police say was his killer. "Friends said Johns was an avid Washington Redskins fan and loved to travel, but lived just 10 minutes away from where his mother and stepfather raised him.That guy wouldn't have stopped until he was stopped," Carter said.
For one of the show's regular sponsors, Alpo dog food, McMahon usually extolled the virtues of the product while a dog eagerly gobbled down a bowl.He is survived by his wife, Pamela, and five children.A sixth child, McMahon's son Michael, died in 1995.
The cover] I think was meant to poke fun at what people really fear," said Kaplan, who added that as a black woman who does not have kinky hair, she has had her own share of issues. "On one level, hair matters because race matters in our society.I don't want people to look at her and tell she has white parents," he said, laughing.
They have captured dozens of vessels and hundreds of hostages, making off with millions of dollars in ransom.It was unclear whether a ransom was paid.The Gulf of Aden, off northern Somalia, has the highest risk of piracy in the world.
Critics accused the former president of trying to peel off Obama's white supporters by marginalizing him as the black candidate.Watch more on Clinton's North Korea trip » There is a lot of nostalgia in Pyongyang for his administration, when relations between North Korea and the U.S. were stronger, said John Glionna, the Seoul, South Korea, bureau chief for the Los Angeles Times. "CNN's Kristi Keck and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
As of now, there is no FDA-approved treatment for dry macular degeneration, although a few drugs and devices are in clinical trials.Although obesity, smoking, high blood pressure and certain drugs can cause it, age is the primary risk factor. "And to him, that's all that matters.
In all cases, the images reveal lots of details about the surface of our neighbor in the solar system. "Each full image from HiRISE covers a strip of Martian ground 6 kilometers (3.7 miles) wide, about two to four times that long, showing details as small as 1 meter, or yard, across," according to NASA's Web site.It might be the closest thing to visiting Mars without leaving your chair.
They are professionals -- most of them -- and they know that we cannot afford to be unfriendly to one another."It's an industry that is a prime indicator of the global economy -- 90 percent of world trade is carried on ships such as the Svend Maersk to ports and onto shops around the world.And when I am at home I miss a little bit being at sea."
But there's a difference of 11 million votes.Just what those consequences might be may become apparent Saturday afternoon, when the demonstrators are expected again on the streets of Tehran.But for now, Iran's supreme leader had issued his warning clearly: Enough is enough.
Tilden dominated tennis in the 1920s with his own trademark style.Tilden was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1959 and in any polls of all-time great tennis players always features in the top order.Federer, who won a record 15th grand slam title at Wimbledon, is top seed at Flushing Meadows, the venue since 1978.
The men are among the first charged under an international law enforcement initiative specifically targeting Americans traveling to Cambodia for the purpose of sexually abusing children.All three men have been previously convicted of sex offenses in the United States, the Justice Department noted in its statement. "Cambodia is one of several countries recently added to a U.S. "watch list" because of what a State Department report calls a worsening human trafficking record in that country.
Jookie, as she is known, studies a poster of French gorilla Yeboah, who is heading for London Zoo.The zoo has been without a male gorilla since the demise of Bobby, a silverback, in December.Bridget Fallon contributed to this story.
iReport.com: Share your thoughts on Obama's speech White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Monday that "it's a sad state of affairs that many in this country politically would rather start an 'Animal House' food fight rather than inspire kids to stay in school."Thinking about my kids in school having to listen to that just really upsets me," suburban Colorado mother Shanneen Barron told CNN Denver affiliate KMGH last week, before the text of the speech was released. "After reading the text, he said, "My kids will be watching the president's speech, as I hope all kids will."
Moussavi and Karrubi have consistently rejected those results as fraudulent and demanded a new vote.Their supporters turned out in crowds estimated in the hundreds of thousands to demand the results be overturned.Iran's Guardian Council, which oversees the elections, has declared the official count will stand.
But he also may have a less publicized goal: figuring out who's really in charge here.Watch Obamas arrive in Russia » Both sides are also hoping to announce significant cuts in nuclear arms, though there are still major hurdles to clear, such as Russian suspicions about U.S. plans for a missile defense shield in Eastern Europe.But it's this first stop where Obama will get a big diplomatic test as he juggles, among many issues, who's really in charge here.
People's Armed Police units equipped with armored personnel carriers take positions in Urumqi on Saturday. "Watch report on unrest in Urumqi from CNN's John Vause » The Urumqi Public Prosecutors Office on Saturday said four ethnic Uyghurs were arrested in connection with three syringe-wielding incidents.And in the third incident, a man resisting arrest stabbed a police officer with a syringe on August 31.
I refuse to discuss tabloid rumors," Rimes said. "But Rimes, who married former dancer Dean Sheremet in 2002 when she was 19 and he 21, seemed an unlikely candidate to star in such a drama.I love the person that she is and tabloid stories with quotes from supposed "friends" are not going to change that."
A swine flu vaccine has been approved in China and inoculations could begin in the next few weeks.It says more than five million doses will be ready by the end of September.Weidong Yin, CEO of Sinovac, said last week, "With the support of the Ministry of Health, State SFDA, and Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Sinovac was able to successfully and rapidly complete the clinical trials and registration process for the H1N1 vaccine."
There's not going to be any legal action.The campaign to woo voters has already begun.E-mail to a friend
Proponents tout the change, which no other country has attempted since the 1970s, as making economic sense.The change will allow the thousands of expatriate Samoans who live in their nation's biggest neighbors, New Zealand and Australia, to send used -- and therefore, cheaper -- cars to their families back home.Samoa's case seems to be unique because it is steering in the opposite direction.
Appearing on the CBS program "Face the Nation," Duncan emphasized that it is up to school officials whether to include the speech in the day's activities and that the message of the speech is simply to encourage children to finish school. "After reading the text, he said, "My kids will be watching the president's speech, as I hope all kids will."CNN's Lauren Kornreich and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this story.
They were granted joint custody of their son.Robinson and his brother Rich formed the band that would eventually become the Black Crowes in the 1980s.The Crowes' new album, "Before the Frost... Until the Freeze," is in stores now.
See a report on healthcare in Brazil » The needs are incredible, so are the stories.For 85 percent of patients, suffering was directly related to violence.At the same time, it has been and continues to be a life changing experience, a possibility to dive into my country's soul and play an important part of people's lives.
The other creatures carelessly came into view as though the roads and cars were just a natural part of their habitat, a mild annoyance at worst.However, Kruger National Park seemed to fit, quite perfectly, my idea of the African savannah.The preserve faded silently behind us, and the road ahead paved my way to Swaziland for a short stopover before continuing to the second part of this South African journey.
About 280,000 vehicles cross the landmark bridge every day, according to the department.The Bay Bridge was closed last week as part of a seismic retrofitting project that required cutting out and replacing a double-deck portion of the east span.Watch as the bridge needed big repairs » A 50-foot section of the bridge collapsed in 1989 during the Loma Prieta earthquake, prompting efforts to make it quake tolerant.
In Pakistan, eight tankers carrying fuel for NATO forces over the border in Afghanistan were attacked near Quetta, according to Quetta police.People on motorcycles fired shots at the tankers when they were parked at a rest area, but they did not catch fire, police said.CNN's Atia Abawi contributed to this report.
Nothing stood out," he said. "Again, they showed no signs of lives lived in turmoil.CNN's Ed Lavandera, Patrick Oppman and Dan Simon contributed to this report.
We are young, and that does come with the burden as not being equally trusted or seen as capable."They were really resilient.They were beyond their years."
Annie Leibovitz appears before her photo of Demi Moore during an exhibition of her work in June in Madrid, Spain.She authorized Art Capital to act as agent in the sale of those assets through which Art Capital could recoup its decrease in interest rate.Art Capital -- through its affiliate, American Photography -- provides financial and consulting services to artists, galleries and art owners, and offers loans based on their intellectual property and fine art assets.
Watch a tour of Neverland » "You have to go back to the Beatles, the death of John Lennon perhaps, and the death of Elvis Presley to find a comparable figure in, not just pop music, but pop culture," said Entertainment Weekly critic-at-large Ken Tucker. (The BBC estimated 2.5 billion people watched the 1997 funeral of Princess Diana.There may be no precedent for this."
He was 36.Four others aboard the plane were killed when the Learjet skidded off a runway during takeoff from Columbia.CNN's Denise Quan contributed to this report.
Rifqa Bary, 17, ran away from her family in Columbus, Ohio, in July.Mohamed Bary told CNN he believes a lot of false information has been circulated about the case. "Watch the heated exchanges » Another hearing is scheduled for September 29 if the family is not able to resolve the conflict through mediation.
McCurry restaurant owners A.M.S.P Suppiah and his wife Kanageswary Suppiah.The eatery opened in 1999.Suppiah said the ruling means he can now add other McCurry locations, with its slogan: "Tasty and so Gooood."
Conventional banking is biased to the seller.People think the Islamic system is based on faith, but it's based on justice.It's a type of ethical finance that may be attractive to a lot of people."
Zeca Schall says he is not thinking of leaving Germany despite the threats.The situation escalated Wednesday when the NPD's national leadership held a rally in Schall's adopted hometown of Hildburghausen.At Thursday's campaign event in central Erfurt, increased police presence was noticeable and CDU members said plainclothes officers had been dispatched among the crowd.
He wasn't referring to either the House or Senate bill that have gone through committee, because [the Congressional Budget Office] has projected that both of them have a deficit," he said. "All Americans would be required by law to have health insurance under Obama's proposal, which the administration has projected to cost $900 billion over 10 years.We ought to have civil discourse in America, but don't underestimate the amount of emotion that people are feeling," House Minority Leader John Boehner said.
Confederate troops were less likely to get a cup of coffee.In 1861, hoping to cut down on the time soldiers spent roasting and grinding beans, the army switched to a concentrated proto-instant coffee.All rights reserved.
I don't know what, but some action could have meant putting him back in prison, pulling him off parole."Contra Costa County Sheriff Warren E. Rupf said he didn't think the deputy who responded knew at the time that Garrido was a sex offender.The deputy spoke to Garrido in his front yard about the allegations, but Garrido convinced him otherwise.
We are just thrilled beyond words that the day has finally arrived."Watch Gore pay tribute to the people involved in the effort » Lee and Ling are employed by Gore's California-based media company, Current TV.CNN's Elaine Quijano, Charlie Moore and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report.
While Islam recognizes Jesus as a prophet, Christianity worships him as the son of God.It wasn't just an episode but.... was a step that I wasn't going to step back from."I need bifocals."
Bernie Ecclestone: "Many people in my closest circle of friends are Jewish."The F1 chief had told the German newspaper Bild: "Many people in my closest circle of friends are Jewish.Anyone who knows me knows that I would never attack a minority."
President Obama on Tuesday toughened his stance on Iran's crackdown on protesters. "Administration officials believe the U.S. will engage Iran at some point to address issues of U.S. national security, including the nuclear issue, but the idea of bilateral engagement is in a holding pattern while the violence continues. "I wouldn't say engagement is off the table, but it is certainly on ice," a senior administration official said this week.
Steve is a tough old boot.Fossett fueled his drive for adventure with the money he made from Lakota Trading.E-mail to a friend
Built on 14 islands, Stockholm seems to float on water.Its financial fortunes grew with the mid '90s IT boom and shrank when the dotcom bubble burst, but it remains a hotbed of technology and communications companies.From its artfully designed coffee shops to the classic contours of its baroque and rococo buildings, this island city is endlessly pleasing to behold, especially when viewed from the water that flows like blood through its veins.
Good for him!I apologize 4 yelling 'liar' during Obama's speech," he jokingly wrote. "Sen McCain ate my Kit Kat while I was in the bathroom & he pretended like he didn't."
Camel ride -- At the pyramids Hantour ride -- A horse carriage that goes around certain streets of Cairo, usually by the Corniche.Address: 59 Teraat el-Maryotteya St. Cairo.Phone: +20.2.383.1133 Opening Hours: Noon-midnight daily.
He had such a gentle soul, that's what I love most about him."We grew fond of him and he became a close member of our family.Anouk Lorie contributed to this story
In Baghdad's central Karrada district, a roadside bomb targeting a convoy of Iraq's Central Bank governor killed one civilian bystander and wounded five, another Interior Ministry official told CNN.The governor escaped unharmed.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report
I need violinists, I need pianists, I need everyone in there for a production."In the meantime, me and my boy Taydoe -- we running around to the hospital, to the Jacksons' house, to the star on Hollywood, getting all this [secondary] footage [for the video].And that's just the bottom line.
The facility, owned by Cocoa Services Inc., is managed and operated by by Lyons and Sons.The rectangular vat, which was 8 feet deep, 14 feet long and 6 feet wide, was churning a batch of chocolate for Hershey's when the accident occurred, the prosecutor's office said.CNN's Jesse Solomon contributed to this report.
Just before the first moment of silence, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg praised the newly established September 11 National Day of Service and Remembrance, designated by Obama. "Watch a slideshow of Obama's speech and the day's events » "Let us renew our resolve against those who perpetrated this violent act," Obama said.More than six in 10 have confidence in the Obama administration's ability to protect the nation.
He was 81.in 1977 and the 2003 film "And Starring Pancho Villa As Himself," which starred Antonio Banderas. "Tootsie" earned Gelbart an Oscar nomination for best writing.
The cemetery holds the remains of celebrities such as Groucho Marx and Lenny Bruce.Asked about the seriousness of the allegations, he said, "If the allegations are proven true, this is incredibly horrific."The lawsuit said that under Jewish tradition, "the deceased are typically required to be interred within 24 hours, thereby leaving little time to obtain consent to move an encroaching vault in an adjacent plot and giving defendants a motive to desecrate human remains and commit other immoral acts rather than comply with the law."
Felipe Massa has been given the all-clear to begin training as he bids to return to the race track.This is what I like to do. "So I really hope, and expect, nothing will change inside me when I go back into the car and start pushing myself to the maximum again."
Marines detonate a roadside bomb.The Taliban have proven adept at adjusting their strategy as circumstances change.Seeing that troops were routinely stopping ahead of culverts to search for bombs that could be hidden under the roads, insurgents have started placing the bombs ahead of the culverts.
The new Nixon tapes and documents will be available on the Internet and in the Richard Nixon libraries in College Park, Maryland, and Yorba Linda, California.Nixon resigned August 9, 1974, over the Watergate scandal -- the first president to resign from office.President Ford pardoned Nixon the following month, saying it was necessary for the nation to heal after Watergate.
Cities all over the nation and all over the world are deploying these smartcard meters," researcher says.We're trying to educate people about... how they can take our research and apply it to their own cities if they are trying to deploy their own systems or make them more secure.... Cities all over the nation and all over the world are deploying these smartcard meters [and] there's a number of previously known problems with various parking meters in other cities."Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
Counselor Pamela Glass brainstormed with Logan to envision potential extra sources of income. "I said, 'Take a look at what you can do.'But she's still studying nursing, knowing from experience never to depend upon just one role.
Let me count the ways... Ryan Reynolds wonders if marrying his boss, Sandra Bullock, is a good thing in "The Proposal."But first comes a visit to the groom-to-be's family in Alaska.EW Grade: B+ CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Felix Brinkmann dances at a 2008 birthday party. "The Brinkmanns immigrated to America, where Brinkmann spent years in the bar and nightclub business, co-founding the Adam's Apple disco in Manhattan in 1971.CNN's Jason Kessler contributed to this report.
Michael Jackson was scheduled to play 50 shows at the O2 Arena in London, a grueling schedule for even the fittest pop star, according to celebrity media advisor, Simon Astaire. "As soon as we have any information we will immediately contact all customers who have booked tickets through Ticketmaster."And sales of his recordings have skyrocketed in shops and on music download sites.
The association determines such "swim windows" after considering the expected tides and the schedules of pilot boats, which accompany the swimmers.The United Kingdom Border Agency told CNN in a written statement that "all visa applications are considered on their individual merits, taking into account all the information provided." "As long as they support it in their hearts and minds, we have been successful."
Heavy Load are a UK-based punk band with three out of five members who are disabled. "However, Richards insists the campaign is not about partying late every night. "We don't insist on people staying up late against their will -- just having the choice to do what they want to do!"
About 100,000 workers joined the strike, said Oscar Garcia, vice president of the Honduran water workers union SANAA.They will be used to support the USNS Comfort, which is conducting a medical relief mission.CNN en Español's Krupskaia Alis in Honduras, and CNN's Karl Penhaul, Barbara Starr and Elise Labott contributed to this report.
The planet used in the test is a giant gas planet about the size of Jupiter that orbits a star called HAT P-7.Kepler detected the planet's atmosphere, demonstrating the telescope's capabilities and giving astronomers what NASA says is "only a taste of things to come." "Borucki compared it to "an element in your toaster or stove."
Tamil civilians are at Menik Farm refugee camp on the outskirts of the northern town of Vavuniya, Sri Lanka.Human Rights Watch said humanitarian workers are prohibited from discussing abuses or the final months of the ethnic conflict and that camp residents are allowed to leave only for emergency medical care, often only with military escort.Adams of Human Rights Watch said Sri Lanka, in need of global sympathy in its efforts to rebuild, could very well go the opposite way if the Tamil people, once subjugated by the rebels, keep waking up as prisoners of their own state.
Police say Dennis Carter Sr.Deputies believe Amber Carter attempted to escape from the gunman by jumping from a second-story window, holding Mason in her arms, the statement said, but the boy did not survive his gunshot wounds.Holden is about 35 miles east of Baton Rouge.
The half sailboat, half plane uses technology known as supercavitation -- sailing just above the water's edge.Last time I felt a mild panic as we were underwater.And no one remembers the second man to walk on the moon."
The body of Maureen Fields, seen here in June 2005, hasn't been found since she went missing in 2006.We're going to continue to work it until we prove who did it."Anyone with information about this case should call the Nye County Sheriff's Office at 775-751-7000.
Adult obesity rates went up in 23 states in the past year, a survey shows.Calculate your Body Mass Index » Adult obesity rates went up in 23 states in the past year, with 31 states now reporting rates over 25 percent.By comparison, no state topped 20 percent in 1991, the survey's authors reported.
Kamen says it can turn anything that looks wet, or has water in it, into the "stuff of life."One tank contains the contaminated liquid, the other is for the newly clean water.But I believe it's more important, because you can't drink lead or gold."
The army has been deployed in major cities aross Italy since the early summer.As part of the same operation, Italian financial police confiscated 43 companies and 134 apartments spread throughout central and southern Italy belonging to the Casalesi clan, worth more than 100 million euros ($144 million).CNN Producer Flavia Taggiasco contributed to this report.
David Schultz, a professor of law at Hamline University in St. Paul, says Franken's win was probably not an affirmation of support for the Democratic candidate but was, for many, a "lesser of two evils vote."Franken, born in New York in 1951, moved to Minnesota when he was 4 years old.Now, think how Franken will act as the 60th vote for President Obama," he wrote.
And at Georgia Tech, researchers are working on video games that may one day make it look like virtual zombies are chasing players down real-world streets.You're not at your couch anymore, you're not at your desk" when you need to find information.If that happens, the "Terminator" vision will have truly arrived.
He is editor of "Unfinished Business: Closing the Achievement Gap in Our Nation's Schools" and author of "The Trouble With Black Boys: And Other Reflections on Race, Equity and the Future of Public Education."While anyone familiar with the current debates knows that the differences between the two sides are real and profound, a protracted battle over the direction of education reform is not a good thing either for the administration or for those who genuinely want to see improvement in public education.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pedro A. Noguera.
President Mugabe and his wife, Grace, arrive for a ZANU PF party youth conference on Friday. "They want to poke their nose into our own affairs.CNN's Per Nyberg in London, England, contributed to this report
And when Abdulrahman first witnessed the sardines circling in the black he could not believe the sight, the beauty of the undulating silver orb below the white and gold lantern light.The fishermen would split the money, with Abdulrahman and Ahmad bringing their share home.This one, named Katrina, would be no different.
The elementary school student from Curtice, Ohio, said that his friends and classmates "were happy to help the environment."Hansen donated five pairs of his own outgrown jeans.The display also includes a pair from actor Ben Stiller.
The four firefighters were not injured.Workers had to simultaneously pull and lift the truck to get it out of the sinkhole.Watch workers pull truck from sinkhole CNN's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report.
While normal lift-ticket prices run at around $35 a day, Michigan Tech students can hit the slopes without dropping a dime.Since 1919, Davidson has been operating a laundry facility that allows students to drop off their laundry and pick it up once its clean and smelling of dryer sheets.All rights reserved.
Pandher was not named a main suspect by investigators initially, but was summoned as co-accused during the trial, Kochar said.Kochar said his client was in Australia when the teen was raped and killed.Pandher faces trial in the remaining 18 killings and could remain in custody, the attorney said.
No bond has been set, she said.Lakey told CNN that after calling his old colleagues at the Missouri State Highway Patrol, he packed up his family from their room at the motel and watched the arrest from across the street.CNN's Marylynn Ryan, Chuck Johnston and Justin Lear contributed to this report.
Sarah Palin says in a new op-ed that big government is not the solution to health care reform.Only in Washington could a plan that adds hundreds of billions to the deficit be hailed as a cost-cutting measure," writes Palin.Instead, Palin argues the true solution to health care lies in "market oriented, patient-centered, and result driven" measures such as providing tax benefits for those who get health care coverage from their jobs, providing seniors on Medicare vouchers to buy their own coverage, and allowing people to buy health insurance across state lines.
Residents of the Kasubi suburb, west of Kampala, try to flee from violence as a soldier takes photos.The Baganda are Uganda's dominant ethnic group, making up about 16.9 percent of the population, according to The CIA World Factbook.Samson Ntale contributed to this report for CNN.
I know I'm definitely gonna pursue this as a profession, acting.If you're coming with negative deposits, you've gotta go.It's a little sad that there isn't any more record stores.
Never again will you and your buddies just have to argue in vain about which one of you is really the most hardcore water skiing fan!Try fantasy pro wrestling.All rights reserved.
Former Taiwan president Chen Shui-bian speaks to reporters on December 12 in Taipei.Chen's attorney, Jen Wen Long, told reporters after the court order: "We question the work of the Taipei district court.Journalist Andrew Lee contributed to this report.
Netflix says it will announce the winner of its $1 million Netflix Prize at an event September 21.Click here!Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
We didn't realize how good it was until we got back to the hotel that night and downloaded it to my husband's computer, and when we could see it on the full screen we were like, 'Whoa, are you serious?'" "Brandts assured him, as she did once more for CNN, that the photo is "completely authentic" but said she understood the skepticism because people had originally thought the photo was taken simply with a timer -- as opposed to the remote shutter she used in actuality -- which, if it were the case, would have kept the couple in focus and blurred the squirrel. "National Geographic looked at the full high-resolution [image, and] realized it was authentic," Brandts said, adding, "You can't make this stuff up."
An age-progression photo shows what Adam Herrman would like today, as a 21-year-old man.He had the cutest little round face, little-bitty freckles right up here on the tip of his cheek," she told the station.CNN's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report.
A dog looks through the door of its kennel at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home in London.The microchip carries the owner's information, which can be updated.The information can be read by a scanner that works through a radio frequency.
No person wants to live in a society where the rule of law gives way to the rule of brutality and bribery.Africa's diversity should be a source of strength, not a cause for division.We are all God's children," he said.
I know I'm definitely gonna pursue this as a profession, acting.If you're coming with negative deposits, you've gotta go.It's a little sad that there isn't any more record stores.
Learn about other cases of missing children » "It's a concept that explains why a kidnapped victim would stay with a perpetrator even though they had an opportunity to leave," she said. "While this case is obviously the rarest of things, other children are certainly exposed to many traumas that have meaning connected to this," Lebow said.Waking up in the morning, going grocery shopping, washing clothes and doing other day-to-day activities help create a stable, comforting environment, she said.
That's a great actress.I... lived a whole year with my father -- I got to know him, I got to understand the two sides to the story.I just loved being an actor.
The crew executed three spacewalks and dropped off a Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill, or Colbert treadmill.It was named after comedian Stephen Colbert.Weather and technical problems delayed Discovery's launch three times before blastoff.
Widespread speculation surrounding the health of Fidel Castro grew in 2006 after the former Communist leader underwent abdominal surgery and later ceded the presidency to his younger brother, Raul.The elder Castro has recently appeared in a series of photos and video looking healthier, though he has not appeared in public since 2006.Cuban state media reported that Sunday will be a day of national mourning and that flags will be flown at half-staff.
How will you pay your mortgage?Now Josh, the I'm-going-to-be-a-reporter-someday crew member, and Michael, the I-really-want-to-be-a-rock-star prompter operator, were around me, wearing the same expression you'd have after witnessing a car wreck. "All rights reserved.
Filmmaker Christian Poveda poses for a picture at a workshop in Mexico on August 29.God moved Christian with his work, awoke noble ideals.He tried to film with his camera in order to open the eyes of those whose eyes needed opening."
The new airports expected to get stimulus money for in-line explosive detection systems are: • Washington Dulles International Airport (Chantilly, Virginia) • Lambert-St.Louis International Airport (St. Louis, Missouri) • Yellowstone Regional Airport (Cody, Wyoming) • William P. Hobby Airport (Houston, Texas) • St. Petersburg/Clearwater International Airport (St. Petersburg, Florida) • Gallatin Field Airport (Bozeman, Montana) • Little Rock National Airport (Little Rock, Arkansas) • Tulsa International Airport (Tulsa, Oklahoma) • Charlotte Douglas International Airport (Charlotte, North Carolina) • Colorado Springs Airport (Colorado Springs, Colorado) Earlier this year, DHS announced funding for airports in the following cities: Atlanta, Georgia; Columbus, Ohio; Dayton, Ohio; Honolulu, Hawaii; Huntsville, Alabama; Jackson, Wyoming; Maui, Hawaii; New Orleans, Louisiana; Orange County, California; Orlando, Florida; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Portland, Maine; and Sacramento, San Francisco and San Jose, California.To learn more about the DHS Recovery Act projects, visit www.dhs.gov/recovery.
Capt.We are humbled by their courage."The only thing we can do for certain, is to promise and keep the promise, we will give the Teds and the Arnies all the support they need, the equipment they need, the capacity they need, for we owe you."
The British Foreign Office has filed two amicus briefs in Carty's case complaining that Britain was not notified of her original arrest, said a Foreign Office spokesman, who declined to be named in line with policy.The Foreign Office is also in close touch with Carty and her legal representatives, the spokesman said. "It began in July and is set to end in October.
Another 200,000 people died in the conflict between the leftist guerrillas and right-wing governments.The children were taken for financial and political reasons, he said.CNN's Arthur Brice contributed to this report
The snapshot of a smiling woman lying in a field of bluebonnets.It is beige in color.This is his human interaction for the day.
John Duesler said he underestimated the number of swimmers who would come to swim at the club. "She called it an "unfortunate situation," adding, "I know what happened; the members know what happened and a higher power knows what happened."Girard College, a private Philadelphia boarding school, told CNN on Thursday it would offer Creative Steps Day Care use of its facilities this summer.
Troy Davis' case has earned the support of leaders including the pope and former President Jimmy Carter.Prominent figures ranging from the pope to the musical group Indigo Girls have asked Georgia to grant Davis a new trial.Other supporters include celebrities Susan Sarandon and Harry Belafonte; world leaders such as former President Jimmy Carter and former Archbishop Desmond Tutu of Cape Town, South Africa; and former and current U.S. lawmakers Bob Barr, Carol Moseley Braun and John Lewis.
Covered by AP, CNN, FOX major news outlets.Local populace very critical of event, due to 9-11 sensitivities."After much reflection, I believe it is incumbent on me to tender my resignation and step down as director of the White House Military Office."
U.S. Marines scan the site of a blast that hit a U.S. vehicle in southern Afghanistan.The Marines attended to the wounded woman while the others walked away.CNN's Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
A hat and glittery glove represent Michael Jackson at the Apollo Theater tribute.He always had a smile on his face, and it was a pleasure to see him working in the theater."CNN's Aspen Steib contributed to this report.
The Columbus, Ohio, resident was on Delta Flight 15 from Frankfurt, Germany, to Atlanta, Georgia, on September 11, 2001.It led to the best week I had in China."What have you been given in your life, and what can you give back to honor what you've been given?"
Saleh ali Saleh Nabhan, pictured on the FBI's Web site, reportedly was tied to al Qaeda's East Africa operations.The officials who talked to CNN are familiar with the latest information on Monday's strike but did not want to be identified because they were not authorized to talk to the media.Journalist Mohammed Amiin Adow and CNN's David McKenzie, Barbara Starr and Ed Henry contributed to this report.
Watch why police say killing not random » Griffeath said Le knew how to balance her social life and academic responsibilities as well. "Thomas Kaplan, editor-in-chief of the Yale Daily News, described Le as "very outgoing, a warm person." "CNN's Eliott C. McLaughlin, Mary Snow, Susan Candiotti, Katie Ross and LaNeice Collins contributed to this report.
Both Katie Couric and Joe Biden have just continued to astonish us with their unbelievable, almost hidden melodies in their speaking voices.We thought he'd tune really well just because Sean Hannity is always talking really loud.And if you can get five minutes of the day at work... to get a couple yucks in, I think you'd rather do that than watch your latest YouTube conspiracy movie or something.
If that sounds expensive, remember that you're getting overnight lodging, a fun scenic cruise, and substantial transportation to boot.Viking has an older, less luxurious fleet, but caters better to low-budget travelers, offering discounts to students, seniors and railpass-holders; selling cheap "ekonomi" cabins (shower down the hall); and allowing passengers to pay for deck passage only and sleep for free on chairs, sofas and under the stars or stairs.Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES, DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES, INC.
See photos of Iggy in action. »At 61 years old he is still performing with the same energy and abandon as when The Stooges first formed, with only marginally less stage diving and nudity.It seems that the world has finally caught up with Iggy Pop, the most exciting, unpredictable and entertaining man in rock.
Brad Bate and Ted Grozier, consultants at GreenOrder, also contributed to this article.A great example is the real estate industry.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew L. Shapiro.
Allergies, Pink Eye, minor infection?NIH, or 'the House of Hope,' is just that. "A place for families to find hope, just like we did."
Dr. Conrad Murray was with Michael Jackson on the day that he died.From Murray's storage unit, authorities removed two computer hard drives; and "important contact list;" a suspension notice from Houston's Doctor Hospital; notices from the Internal Revenue Service; and a laundry list of medical and hospital documents.CNN's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report.
Paul Walker stars in "Fast & Furious," which exceeded expectations after taking in $72.5 million.Like the jaw-dropping early-year debuts of "The Passion of the Christ" and "300" before it, this is a history-making premiere that you may well be hearing about for a long time to come.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
The financial damage caused by the rain and flooding -- including damaged homes and crops -- was estimated at $35.4 million.Destruction included a flooded reservoir and damaged dike in Luocheng County, where fears of a dam collapse forced evacuations.The storms also disrupted traffic, triggered landslides and cut electricity in various parts of southern China.
President Obama is expected to sign the OK to spend $2 billion more on the "Cash for Clunkers" program.The announcement by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-California, and Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, boosted Democratic efforts to secure enough votes to pass the measure this week.CNN Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report.
India holds its first rocket launch from a fishing village in southern India on November 21, 1963.We have mastered the space technology in these 40 years.We have already sent an unmanned mission to the Moon and now we look forward to sending a manned one there," Satish said.
Greyhound bus services will run from London to cities such as Portsmouth and Southampton.Americans should watch closely.CNN's Faith Karimi contributed to this report.
Nasser is currently on board for three weeks, time he took off instead of going on holiday with his family. "There is tremendous need here, as these countries are very poor and have very few resources of any kind."People know that we're here to help, regardless of race, religion and political affiliation."
Muhammad's attorney, Jon Sheldon, released the prosecutor's letter Friday.The letter, addressed to the chief judge of the Prince William County Circuit Court, says the court must hold a hearing within 10 days of receiving the letter, and must set an execution date no later than 60 days after the hearing.Since Muhammad is not required to be at the hearing, Burnett asks that the court conduct the hearing by means of a conference call.
That's what he wants to do."To root for someone who participated in the hanging, drowning, electrocution and shooting of dogs will be impossible for many, no matter how much we would all like to see the Eagles go all the way."The Eagles are scheduled to play Vick's former team, the Falcons, in Atlanta on December 6.
Afghanistan Defense Ministry spokesman Gen. Zaher Azimi said the code is " propaganda" and that the Taliban "will never implement that."It was against all the laws of war," Azimi said.CNN's Ivan Watson, Tim Schwarz and Joe Sterling and journalist Janullah Hashimzadeh contributed to this report
She will also travel to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Nigeria, Liberia and Cape Verde. "In each nation, she will emphasize Africa as a place of opportunity, built on an ethic of responsibility," said Ian Kelly, state department spokesman. "She will underline America's commitment to partner with governments, the private sector, nongovernmental organizations and private citizens to build societies where each individual can realize their potential."
It's not significant unless it establishes itself as a predominant strain," he said. "That would indicate that the woman contracted the virus from another human.It also highlights how human mobility can rapidly transfer a virus from one geographical location to another as has been dramatically evident with the recent emergence of swine flu," he said.
U.S. Marines partrol part of the Gharmsir district in Afghanistan's Helmand province on Wednesday. "When asked whether the election would be fair, Holbrooke, who just returned from the region, said he had heard complaints from all sides but was not "unduly upset." "We know they've attacked us in the past, and, unfortunately, we know that they plot against us even today," she said.
Judge Juan Silva Mesa decried the judicial process that led to the convictions. "For me there is no greater injustice than allowing them, under and in the name of the law, to commit injustice" and thereby "affect someone's fundamental human rights," he said.CNN's Mario Gonzalez contributed to this report.
The Taliban, which ruled Afghanistan with its strict Islamic rule from 1996 to 2001, has regrouped and launched a fierce insurgency. "The way you want to kill yourself and someone else -- it in itself is a big offense in Islam."Shakirullah now says of his recruiters, "They cheated me."
An employee of the couple found their bodies, Roy said.Beulah is west of Pensacola, near the Alabama state line.CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
The public can view live video of the cub and its mother, Bai Yun, on the zoo's Web site.Pandas give birth to what's called very 'altricial' cubs.This highly endangered species still requires a lot of attention and assistance, but there is hope for the future," he said.
Dejan Stankovic celebrates scoring Inter's second goal in the superb 2-1 victory over city rivals AC Milan.Elsewhere, Fiorentina held on to fourth spot and the final Champions League qualifying position as they remarkably came back from 3-0 down at Genoa to snatch a 3-3 draw with Adrian Mutu's equalizer deep into injury time.Roma, who had won 10 of their previous 13 matches, drop to sixth after they were well beaten 3-0 at Atalanta, for whom Cristiano Doni scored twice.
South Carolina first lady Jenny Sanford says her husband, Mark, must rebuild trust with his family and with the state.The real issue now is one of forgiveness.CNN's Kristi Keck contributed to this report.
Eyewitnesses in Tehran say many families are still struggling to determine the whereabouts and official status of their detained relatives.The young freelance reporter realized he was in serious danger at the airport in Tehran on June 19, when a half dozen plain-clothed security officers arrived and began leading him out of the building.I was shocked that they would arrest someone who had lived in Iran and had such a record of trying to introduce Iranian society to an outside audience."
On the cover, a photo shows Pitt wearing a Bluetooth device in his ear. "Trust me, you don't want those followers."Don't be so damn selfish."
President Obama speaks at a news conference in Guadalajara, Mexico, on Monday.Harper agreed with Obama's stance.I suspect that you Canadians are going to continue to get dragged into the debate," he said.
Moving into Christmas again.The next day, around 8 p.m., a gunman with a gym bag strode into the LA Fitness gym, turned off the lights and started shooting without saying a word, police said.Investigators found his body lying atop one of his guns, about 7 feet from a woman he shot.
Researchers say not enough study has been done into the long-term effects of anti-virals on children.A review of one study into the effect of anti-virals on asthmatic children, who are considered to have a higher risk of developing complications from the flu virus, found that they did not reduce the risk of the asthma attacks.While we know they are safe, we do know that vomiting and diarrhea can occur in some children and adults who take them," he said, adding "The more we learn about these drugs the more we will know how to treat patients with the most up-to-date clinical evidence."
Residents of the Kasubi suburb, west of Kampala, try to flee from violence as a soldier takes photos.The Baganda are Uganda's dominant ethnic group, making up about 16.9 percent of the population, according to The CIA World Factbook.Samson Ntale contributed to this report for CNN.
BEIRUT, Lebanon -- When I heard Snoop Dogg was coming to Beirut, I jumped at the opportunity to show the world a different side of the country I had grown up in.Acting on a tip from a source close to Snoop's circle, I managed to follow Snoop's entourage to the afterparty, at a massive and highly exclusive rooftop club overlooking the Mediterranean Sea and the Lebanese mountains.Check out Battah's blog at beirurtreport.blogspot.com
The operation was a success. "I thought I'd still have problems when I had this operation done.For Hannah, it took the strength of two to help heal a broken heart, something she could have never done alone.
And with acts large and small, they are making a real difference in the lives of people and communities in need.Some help repair schools and parks and beaches.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jay S. Winuk.
Two U.S. marshals are being sent to Israel to escort him back to the United States.Mayon was featured on the television program "America's Most Wanted."He is a convicted felon and is accused of setting a judge's car on fire in Pennsylvania, the show's Web site said.
Hollywood has been plundering ancient history for yuks at least since Buster Keaton's day, and there's little in "Year One" to suggest we've progressed much over the last 90 years.It rambles off into Old Testament territory when the boys stumble across Cain (David Cross) killing his brother Abel (Paul Rudd), then arrive in the desert in the nick of time to save Isaac's neck (Christopher Mintz-Plasse) from his zealous father's knife -- though his foreskin is another story.For Entertainment Weekly's review, click here.
Christopher Bailey, Burberry's creative director, has been credited with the brand's resurgence.It's so important that everyone lives and breathes the aesthetic of what Burberry is.It's not just about fashion for a season."
Father Alberto Cutie was married in Coral Gables, Florida, on Tuesday, according to court documents.Cutie -- sometimes called "Father Oprah" because of the advice he's given on Spanish-language media -- shocked some in the Catholic community when photographs of him embracing a bathing-suit-clad woman emerged last month in TV Notas magazine.This truly is a serious setback for ecumenical relations and cooperation between us," he said.
He said the police would continue to analyze other similarities.However, Kelly also noted that Starbucks has been the target of low-grade explosions in other cities.Police plan to examine surveillance cameras for information that could lead investigators to the perpetrator, he said.
Black: I'm very uncomfortable with sincerity. (I brought on Michael to help me make it.And as much as I love them, I don't love them as much as my family.
She remembered a moment a few summers ago when her family was in Vermont, and had just seen a classical performance of Mozart.The Harrises lived in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Anne Harris' sister, Mary Miley, said.I just hope she knows I loved her," Buzby said.
I hope this tells everyone, especially our fans, what we are trying to do with this football club in the future."The move follows Liverpool's American owners, George Gillett and Tom Hicks, concluding a deal in July to re-finance a $380 million bank loan they took out to buy the club in 2007.Plans to develop a new 60,000-seater stadium at a cost of $580 million were shelved due to the recession in 2008 by the club, despite planning permission being granted by the local city council.
A 1999 file image of Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, who served under Saddam Hussien's regime and who is still at large. "CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the voice on the tape.U.S. officials say al-Douri played key roles in the chemical attack on the Kurdish town of Halabja in 1988 and in putting down Kurdish and Shiite revolts after the 1991 Persian Gulf War.
But there's a catch -- you have to sleep in a tent and bring your own toilet paper. "It's a way of making the best of these bad economic times and trying to give customers an experience."And don't forget your toilet paper and toothpaste!
Court documents said he suffered "critical head, chest and abdominal injuries" and died at a hospital.Stallworth's suspension is effective immediately, the league said.CNN's Rich Phillips contributed to this report.
Wendell Potter once was a vice president in the public relations department for insurance giant Cigna.He is questioning insurance companies' public relations tactics -- and says some of the questions from town hall meetings are familiar.CNN's Jim Acosta and Bonnie Knapp contributed to this report.
Watch police haul away the birds » Kozlowsky said police obtained a search warrant after a monthlong investigation and raided the home after receiving tips that an illegal fight was scheduled to take place.Wayne Kasacek of the Connecticut Department of Agriculture, which helped remove the birds, said that at least four of the finches have eye injuries.Saffron finches are canary-size birds native to South America.
Saro-Wiwa said the case set a precedent for oil companies operating in regions such as West Africa by demonstrating that they could "be brought to trial in America for human rights violations in Africa."Watch Saro-Wiwa discuss how he hopes the case will set a precedent » "Justice is always hard won... It took 13 years to go through the legal process but clearly before we started this corporations throught they could almost operate with impunity but now the legal landscape has changed," he said.Roughly half of the settlement will go into a trust fund to help the people of Nigeria's Ogoni region, according to court papers.
Superstar performer Usher Raymond IV at the closing ceremony for Usher's Camp New Look.Now the father of two young boys, Usher said he is also enriched by the camp's experience. "It's really good to see them be able to live out their dreams," he said.
The Toyota-owned Fuji circuit will not be hosting the Japanese Grand Prix due to financial concerns.We decided it would be extremely difficult to continue holding the F1 Japanese Grand Prix in view of sharply deteriorating business conditions and few signs of a rapid economic recovery," Fuji International Speedway said in a statement. "It expects a bigger net loss of 550 billion yen this year.
It's great material for my next album."Music fans also know Brisco by his other nickname, the Opa Locka Goon, a reference to his south Florida hometown.The armed robbery took place July 29 in Miami's Model City neighborhood.
Afghan men smoke heroin in the city of Herat on August 7, 2009.The report says the Taliban make about $70 million a year on the drug trade.The report concedes that counter-narcotics alone will not win the war, but says slowing the flow of illicit money will play a crucial role in "determining whether we can carve out the space required to provide the security and economic development necessary to bring a level of stability to Afghanistan."
He said police believe Apodaca and Duran were not cartel members.He was shot eight times outside his home in El Paso, Texas, police said.CNN's Ashley Fantz, Tracy Sabo, Mallory Simon and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report.
Best Buy's Web site offered a 52-inch TV for less than $10, but the deal was too good to be true.A spokeswoman for the Federal Trade Commission that investigates consumer complaints told CNN "The FTC act bars unfair and deceptive commercial practices."Those would be cases of phony offers or sweepstakes, rather than a mistake, she said.
So it's extremely important to talk to his doctor."Jackson is survived by his three children, Prince Michael I, Paris and Prince Michael II.CNN's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report
She had that sense no one should be left out or left behind.She was hospitalized again in 2007 for an undisclosed ailment.In addition to her husband and daughter, Shriver is survived by her sons Robert Sargent Shriver III, Timothy Perry Shriver, Mark Kennedy Shriver and Anthony Paul Kennedy Shriver.
Monday was the annual "Renewal and Remembrance" day at Arlington National Cemetery. "According to Dietrich, the process of lightning protection is important for protecting a valuable part of history.It's a very humbling experience that I'm very proud of."
Four people were killed after a car fleeing police struck a home in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on Wednesday. "It was not immediately clear if the two had retained attorneys.CNN's Mark Norman contributed to this report.
Fitted with the legendary 5.7-liter HEMI V-8, the wagon can hit 131 mph and charge up to that speed with muscle-car type performance.AOL Autos: Wonder wagons HUMMER H3: Special duty The H3 may be the smallest model in the HUMMER family, but it remains a very capable off-road vehicle.AOL Autos: Speed cameras on U.S. roads
Southwest Flight 2294 made an emergency landing at Yeager Airport in Charleston, West Virginia, on Monday.Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the incident, FAA spokeswoman Holly Baker said. "CNN's Shawn Nottingham and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report.
The wreckage of a plane that collided with a helicopter is lifted this week from the Hudson River.We support that any such allegation is fully investigated before there is a rush to judgment about the behavior of any controller," said a statement from the National Air Traffic Controllers Association.CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
Or not going to the cinema -- we were upset about those little things which we couldn't do, but we really didn't really take it seriously at that time."It's a pity, but also -- maybe her diary would have never been published."CNN's Don Riddell contributed to this story.
A researcher in Austria says the works were probably transcribed by Mozart's father, as young Mozart played.He said Leopold Mozart transcribed his son's early works as a way of preserving them. "By the time of his death in 1791, he had written more than 600 pieces of music.
I think the character continues to be great at her job and struggles in her personal life and issues surrounding the possibility of having children come up," said Sedgwick. "She wants to have conversations about sex, she wants to have conversations about faith," Hunter said. "Also Included in TNT's summer schedule are the heist drama "Leverage" starring Timothy Hutton, which premiers its second season and new show "Hawthorne," which stars Jada Pinkett Smith as a single mom and the director of nursing at a North Carolina hospital.
The Burmese pythons that are coming out of the Everglades are eating a lot of our endangered species and other creatures, and we want to make sure they don't breed here," said Higgins, the conservation manager for the Keys.He says it is not the snakes' fault that they ended up in the Everglades, but he acknowledges the problems they are causing on the Florida ecosystem and the need to do something. "One down, 100,000 to go," he said.
The defendant has avoided the custody proceeding and has concealed the child," the warrant says.Travelers Rest is about 10 miles north of Greenville, South Carolina.CNN's Jackie Damico contributed to this report.
The president has ordered his release, and we are hoping he will be released very soon," Wilson Ajuwaand said, referring to his client, Henry Okah. "Since he has no weapons to surrender, the deal should be a straightforward one."From CNN's Christian Purefoy.
Burks was first drawn to Forest Lawn Glendale because of its artwork and statuary, but once she found out that celebrities were "buried with the regular people," she said, she began to grave hunt. "Numerous books and Web sites such as findagrave.com and seeing-stars.com claim to have insider knowledge about celebrity grave locations on the properties, but Forest Lawn is unrelentingly secretive about who, exactly, is entombed in its parks. "It sounds crazy, but I dare anyone to do it, and I'd bet it would make them feel good."
A young girl wears a mask at a hospital in Hanoi.The symptoms of swine flu are similar to that of seasonal flu and include fever, cough, sore throat, aches and runny nose, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.A significant number of infected people have also reported diarrhea and vomiting.
Ahmed Awa, on the border of Iraq and Iran, is where police saw and warned the American hikers Friday.Later, he said, Sulaimaniya security forces took the luggage from the hotel.CNN's Arwa Damon and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
The 100-foot Katania normally would attract an additional $49,500 charter fee for a week's use.Wiltshire said CEO Expedition's fleet isn't among the biggest or most luxurious on the market, and this deal appears to be clever marketing stunt.His opinion is that other larger vessels still warrant their greater price tags.
Of those family caregivers, 7 percent -- like Mickens -- provide 40 hours or more of care a week.It's very helpful.I am glad they came up with it."
British forces launched a similar offensive in the province in late June.The push, called Operation Khanjar, is targeting militants in Helmand province, a Taliban stronghold and poppy-growing region.The forces are trying to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of national elections this August.
He had such a gentle soul, that's what I love most about him."We grew fond of him and he became a close member of our family.Anouk Lorie contributed to this story
Even when it's transferred over AT&T's 3G network, the A/V quality is rather impressive.Animations are smoother, apps launch more quickly, and...well, the dang thing's just faster.The only iPhone killer on the market today...is a newer iPhone.
The bodies were discovered afterward.The killings have been featured on "America's Most Wanted," Walsh said.A task force in Albuquerque has been assigned to the cases, he added.
Attorney General Eric Holder has been a vocal proponent for tougher laws regarding hate crimes.It is "important to know (if) we have a problem of significant numbers of (hate crime) cases... not being prosecuted in state and local governments," said Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, the ranking Republican on the committee. "CNN's Terry Frieden contributed to this report
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown issued a heartfelt message of support for the NHS via Twitter.His statement followed comments from one of his own party members backing the Republican criticism of the NHS.Dan Hannan, a Conservative member of the European Parliament reportedly said in an interview that "he wouldn't wish it on anyone."
Obama is correct about one thing: Our health care system needs reform.This is not the economic stimulus that the American people expected.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Steele.
Yemeni security forces have been fighting against rebels in the north and south.Al-Qaeda's presence in Yemen has been a growing concern for the United States.In January, two female Belgian tourists and a Yemeni driver were killed by gunmen while the three were traveling in a convoy in Al Shibam.
He remained in Melbourne until 1969, working as a builder, before he slipped out of the country using a false passport on a ship bound for Panama.This man is ill, he's going to die, he is not going to any pub or going to Rio.He is going to stay in hospital," said Di Stefano.
Battreal was sentenced in 1998 to 50 years for rape, criminal confinement and stalking.Booher was sentenced in 1999 to 65 years for murder and robbery.CNN's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.
The question is: How can Turkey best help?The United States genuinely believed Turkey would be one of the most important allies going forward.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zeyno Baran.
She was granted political asylum in the United States, reunited with her husband, and embarked on activist work.Those groups receive money from U.S. taxpayers through the National Endowment for Democracy, a private, nonprofit organization created "to strengthen democratic institutions" around the world.CNN's Jim Clancy contributed to this report.
A Somali rebel points a heavy machine gun in the direction of government forces July 3. "The sound of heavy artillery in Mogadishu was very loud and continuous," a witness told CNN. "Many refugees, he said, "lack structure and definition in their lives" and are "torn between their parents' traditional tribal and clan identities, and the new cultures and traditions offered by American society."
The wreckage of a plane that collided with a helicopter is lifted this week from the Hudson River.We support that any such allegation is fully investigated before there is a rush to judgment about the behavior of any controller," said a statement from the National Air Traffic Controllers Association.CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
was her age-appropriate response.But not Sonia?The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Hinojosa.
In a letter to Vick, Goodell wrote that his decision regarding full reinstatement "will be based on reports from outside professionals, your probation officer and others charged with supervising your activities, the quality of your work outside football" as well as factors such as the absence of any further law enforcement issues.Again, I would like to thank the commissioner for the chance to return to the game I love and the opportunity to become an example of positive change."If you do this, the NFL will support you."
Except for soldiers in advisory roles, all U.S. combat troops will leave Iraqi cities and towns by June 30.I'm not authorized to do anything outside the borders of Iraq," he said.Iran's government has repeatedly denied fomenting violence inside Iraq.
A Nepalese journalist takes part in a protest last month demanding more freedom for the press.The government has to hold them accountable.Otherwise, we are not safe."
I can't make excuses."Yvonne, who earned a degree at the University of Michigan, decided to give up her full-time job and move her daughters into an RV to keep up with the rigorous demands of traveling for tournaments.Next year, Yvonne is planning to enter Elizabeth on the women's professional tour, at the same age that Serena and Venus Williams turned pro.
Kraft says she enjoyed her maiden voyage on the train, which came courtesy of a local home builder that bought group tickets in one of the club cars. "If someone chooses to shop instead of ski, a free shuttle into Winter Park is available.What's great is that once you get back into Denver you can hit Wynkoop brewery or any other bars around there to keep the party rolling," Ramon G. wrote.
Rep. Joe Wilson, R-South Carolina, shouts "You lie!"Wilson "apologized quickly and unequivocally, and I'm appreciative of that," the president said.Wilson said Sunday that should be enough, adding that he respected the president and "would never do something like that again."
I would like President Obama to honor that word and to free my 13 brothers who were left behind and all of the rest of the people who deserve to be free," Mamut said.I really don't want to think about those days."CNN's Don Lemon and Brian Vitagliano in Hamilton, Bermuda, and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report.
And lately, the town has smelled a lot less fishy.In the Western Arctic region, the breakup pattern is one to three weeks early in many coastal areas and by as much as one month in isolated areas," the report said.But we're still some 400 miles from the Arctic Circle and a month from entering the heart of the Northwest Passage, which gives the Arctic plenty of time to surprise us.
Bill Gates Thursday said industrialized nations need to do more to help developing countries.Trade was also key to developing nations being able to become self-sufficient, said Gates, rather than relying on foreign aid or philanthropy. "If you do not have food, that's the most important thing."
They'll probably begin to fade from the scene," said Peter Hakim, president of the Inter-American Dialogue policy institute. "It's going to be very hard for them to govern unless they do something they haven't been willing to do -- compromise and reach consensus."CNN's Arthur Brice contributed to this report.
Los Angeles police are also investigating the death.Detectives traveled to Houston, Texas, this week to search the medical office of Dr. Conrad Murray, Jackson's personal doctor.CNN's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel carries fly-fishing tackle to Marine One on Friday.Learning the fundamentals of fly-fishing can serve as a metaphor for health care reform.But in Washington, Obama is trying to hook Congress and take home health care reform, or risk it being the big one that got away.
The first day they beat us and then made us exercise," one boy said. "They had all been kidnapped by the Taliban and taken to camps where they would be trained to kill; trained to be suicide bombers.All they are left with are the terrible memories, the voices in their heads: the voices of the Taliban telling them to kill, they said.
None of them want the job, and they realize that it's working now.Carlos will call me at 10 at night and be like, "Listen, I had a dream about you, and so much good is happening, but there's dark forces at work, and when you get out of here, I have this woman who wants to cleanse you."and 3 million teenage girls follow him down the street.
Dancers in the Philippines don't have much of a foundation [in hip-hop]," she says. "When I do hip-hop, it makes me feel happy all the time.This is my life."
Germany's Ina Menzer, left, fights American Franchesca Alcanter during a WIBF and WBC featherweight bout in May. The decision came during a two-day IOC Executive Board meeting in Berlin, at which board members also decided to propose golf and rugby for inclusion in the 2016 Olympic Games. "Women will compete in the flyweight 48-51kg class, lightweight 56-60kg and middleweight 69-75kg, the agency said.The International Rugby Board has proposed men's and women's Sevens tournaments, with 12 teams in each being divided into two pools before semifinals and finals.
A soldier with the U.S. Army's 1st Cavalry Division patrols the streets of eastern Mosul, Iraq, on June 16.Accusations of censorship are without merit," Patterson said.The reasons have almost always involved logistical details involving security and force coverage.
Steyn's final penalty with two minutes remaining wrapped up the victory.South Africa, who have played all their three matches at home, lead the standings with 12 points, with New Zealand on four and Australia, who have played a game less, with a solitary point.Victory continues a fine run of form for the Springboks, who beat the British and Irish Lions 2-1 in a thrilling series which preceded the annual Tri-Nations tournament.
Copley has no prior acting experience, but critics have lauded his portrayal of Wikus van de Merwe, a private-sector employee who goes from being the oppressor to one of the oppressed after an accidental run-in with some DNA-transforming alien goo. "For that first film, I got what I had set out to do, [and] that's a pretty awesome feeling."CNN's JD Cargill contributed to this story.
Armed members of the radical Islamist group Jund Ansar Allah surround a group representative in Rafah on Friday.Later, the fighting spread to al-Maqdessi's home, the sources said.CNN's Talal Abu-Rahman in Gaza City contributed to this report.
His IQ was described as about 76, in the low range.I don't think he should be able to live another day," Nathan Lee said Friday as he awaited the verdict.He plans to file a lawsuit this month, a family spokesman said.
Charges against him have been dropped. "We decided to drop the charge after a full investigation, including after speaking to a complaining witness, who was uncooperative," Greene told CNN Tuesday.The charges stem from an incident in which Sutherland allegedly head-butted designer Jack McCollough at a New York City nightclub in May. McCollough had claimed he was "the victim of a vicious, violent, unprovoked assault," according to a statement released after the incident from McCollough's publicist.. Several weeks after the incident, Sutherland and McCollough issued a joint statement, through Sutherland's attorney, in which Sutherland apologized.
Lima is poised to quit international rugby after the World Cup, and although he has 48 hours to appeal against the decision, it is improbable a hearing could be convened before Wednesday's game.Samoa will head home after the U.S clash, having already seen the current World Cup campaign consigned to being the worst in their history.E-mail to a friend
Dozens more passengers clad in surgical masks stream on.But today she has a problem, she has no intention of lifting her mask to paint on lip gloss. "We love you."
It is initiated contacts, concrete and direct to Israeli citizens, with emphasis on the social networks, that offers them to enlist to terror activity or to pass classified information in exchange for payment," it said.Shin Bet said terror groups are combing Facebook and other networks "for business or personal matters like names, addresses, Internet addresses and phone numbers that are being used to find and contact Israeli citizens in Israel and also abroad."CNN's Michal Zippori and Kevin Flower contributed to this report.
I am saying to those young men from abroad: 'Your families fled your home to America because of insecurity.Both were from Minnesota and in their 20s, Jamal said.CNN's David McKenzie and Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report.
Fewer than 100 available job listings are in the tourism industry.The former employee let go after decades of service is still hoping to return once the economy improves.He added that Disney is downsizing just like many other U.S. businesses.
The financial damage caused by the rain and flooding -- including damaged homes and crops -- was estimated at $35.4 million.Destruction included a flooded reservoir and damaged dike in Luocheng County, where fears of a dam collapse forced evacuations.The storms also disrupted traffic, triggered landslides and cut electricity in various parts of southern China.
The group operates largely in Basilan, according to the U.S. State Department, and wants to establish a separate state for the country's minority Muslim population.The government has been fighting to contain the group, which is blamed for several terrorist attacks in the Philippines, including the bombing of a ferry in 2004 that left about 130 people dead.This year Abu Sayyaf has been implicated in the kidnappings of several Red Cross workers and journalists.
Tamoxifen and Herceptin, two of the most effective medications for treating breast cancer, don't work for triple negative breast cancer patients.It really is a part of my life now.... I'm a survivor."CNN's Sabriya Rice contributed to this report.
In recent years, U.S. officials have pressed Chinese officials for help in controlling the counterfeiting of U.S. products and the illegal copying and distribution of copyrighted U.S. products, including movies, music and software.Counterfeit products are estimated to cost U.S. companies billions of dollars in lost revenue.Though senior U.S. law enforcement officials have expressed optimism, China remains a haven for pirated U.S. products.
Investigators from the Thornton Police Department CSI, the Colorado Bureau of Investigation and the Westminster Police Department confirmed that bullets had, in fact, pierced Skiba's trucks.The girl, her father and Chivers left Morrison between 5 and 5:30 p.m. to return the moving truck to the Westminster parking lot where Skiba stored his vehicles, Long says.Anyone with more information is asked to call the Westminster Police Department at (303) 658-2400.
Firefighters leave the Stade Velodrome stadium in Marseille after the accident on Thursday.A crane collapsed while lifting a large metallic truss into place, Lt.CNN's Per Nyberg in London, England, contributed to this report.
A French Air Force Mirage 2000 sits under a shelter on the tarmac at an airbase in Kandahar on January 1, 2009.And on July 6, two Canadian air crew members and a British soldier were killed when a helicopter crashed during takeoff in Zabul province, the Canadian and British defense ministries said.CNN's Ivan Watson contributed to this report.
Over 200,000 people attended Exit last year, dancing at all-night raves in the gorgeous surroundings of Petrovaradin Fortress, an 18th-century castle near the Danube River.This year's headliners include Franz Ferdinand, Blur, and Bruce Springsteen.The festival's founder has said Sunburn will always be free to attend, and it is not to be missed if you happen to be in India in December.
But Obama "was quite persistent and very persuasive," Clinton said.She emphasized that North Korea's detention of two U.S. journalists, Laura Ling and Euna Lee, is separate from the political issues. "It is a humanitarian issue and the girls should be let go," Clinton said.
The Drug Enforcement Administration said Wednesday it's considering tighter restrictions on propofol. "Nutritionist Cherilyn Lee has said Jackson pleaded for the drug as a sleep aid, despite being told of its potentially harmful effects.Use of the drug should be directly supervised by a physician trained in anesthesia and qualified to provide physiologic rescue should too much drug be given," the statement said.
But the public's interest in first daughters is nothing new.She was an American celebrity," said presidential historian Doug Wead.I describe it as the best of times and sometimes the worst of times, but whatever the times, it was a time of extraordinary privilege."
Many of the robots in "Terminator Salvation" are real machines, which increased realism, the cast says.Anton Yelchin: Now I'm obsessed with the robots!I'm so [annoyed] that this guy or whoever it is that's in charge of it wouldn't let me have one!
Donations at the Cross Timbers Community Church had slumped because of the economic downturn.The church has now formed a group to look into the best ways to give out money.And, Slough said, it plans on doing so as long as there is a need in the community.
If he does, he's not saying."Another questioner chosen when Obama asked for a skeptic identified himself as an insurance provider who wanted to know why Obama and Democrats are vilifying the insurance industry in the health care debate.It's just... when they try and overstep, when they try to say, 'No, this is what needs to be done.' "
As soon as the wedding ended, Norbury changed out of the dress. "Bridesmaids are stuck in matching dresses that they will likely never wear again.I feel like if you choose something they can wear in their daily lives, they're going to be a lot happier in the end."
A great white shark is tagged Saturday off Cape Cod, Massachusetts.Chatham's beaches were closed to swimmers after the sightings, Skomal said.Researchers have also tagged great white sharks off the coast of South Africa.
Blauser has partnered with a nonprofit group called Reach Out and Care Wheels, which sells him the chairs at a manufacturing price of about $300.he says after a long pause.E-mail to a friend CNN's Wayne Drash contributed to this report from Atlanta, Georgia.
But expenses can be agreed upon in advance and shared by the entire wedding party.That's not true," claims Kim Bohnert, a 32-year-old teacher in San Francisco.Liane Yvkoff is a freelance writer in San Francisco
Boston police Officer Justin Barrett apologized for his e-mail about Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates, Jr. "If I'm charged with a crime I want a chance to answer.Barrett's arrests and investigations will be reviewed for indications of racial bias, Davis said.The department will also look closely at the officers who received or viewed the e-mail.
He argued that groups of people who pool resources, ranging from labor unions to the health industry to advocacy groups like the National Rifle Association, still have the right to free speech. "Unusually, the top court did not reach a decision on the case after it was first heard and ordered Wednesday's rare September rehearing to consider more aspects of the case.CNN Supreme Court Producer Bill Mears and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report.
To our knowledge the next plan of the Tibet Independence forces is to organize suicide squads to launch violent attacks," Wu Heping, spokesman for China's Ministry of Public Security, said at a news conference, according to a translation of his remarks by The Associated Press. "China offered some media organizations -- not including CNN -- a carefully managed tour of Tibet's capital, but ran into a public-relations roadblock when a group of Buddhist monks began screaming protests at a holy shrine.E-mail to a friend
Suspected members of Los Zetas drug cartel are presented to reporters in Mexico City in April.From early on, we could hear the shots and much shouting," Excelsior and El Nuevo Leon quoted an unidentified woman as saying. "More than 11,000 people have been killed during that time -- about 1,000 of them police and other authorities.
File photo shows a crane unearthing the mass grave in northern France.The defenders knew the British and the Australians were coming; the terrain favored the Germans.The commission is a non-profit organization founded in 1917 that commemorates the dead of both world wars from the British Commonwealth.
The U.S. Coast Guard intercepted this crowded boat last week and repatriated its occupants to Haiti.Overloaded vessels can quickly lose stability and capsize, sending migrants into the water, a Coast Guard release said.CNN's Jim Kavanagh and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report.
Maryland officials have found a natural way to combat brush while protecting a threatened species.Environmental activists hail the measure, calling it innovative and worth implementing. "Most times you can replace small engines that are sources of greenhouse gases with more natural systems, that's a good thing," said Bill Brower of GlobalGiving, a Washington nonprofit organization that describes itself as an online marketplace of grass-roots green projects.
Jacob Shaffer was arrested in connection with the slayings of six people in Tennessee, police said.The person's name was not released Sunday.CNN's Mayra Cuevas-Nazario contributed to this report.
We hope somebody has missed a test or overlooked something," she says.Since then, Billy, age 29, has been in and out of intensive care.He's a hard working man who took care of his family."
Hope started to turn to fear.The British were based in southern Iraq, primarily in Basra, Iraq's second largest city that sits close to the Persian Gulf. "The question that could linger is: Was it worth it?
The Casablanca bombings in May 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers.Rehou is wanted in Spain for belonging to a terrorist group, and is thought to have formed part of a cell created in Spain in 2002, with the aim of recruiting fighters to carry out attacks in Morocco, Spain and other countries, the police statement said.The meetings at his home lasted six to eight hours, with the screening of videos that included sermons and scenes promoting holy war, the statement said.
Kimi Raikkonen celebrates ending his victory drought after winning the Belgian Grand Prix.Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso retired after 26 laps due to a problem with a front wheel on his Renault, having been third at one stage.Toyota's Jarno Trulli, who started second on the grid, also retired after 21 laps after earlier pitting for repairs.
George Hincapie, front, upstaged his compatriot and former teammate Lance Armstrong to take second place overall.It was a very difficult day today because we're getting tired from all the effort in the last week," the Italian, who finished 45th, told the race's official Web site. "The riders will now head back into the mountains through the Swiss Alps for the 207.5km 15th stage from Pontarlier to Verbier, with the climbers expected to come to the fore again just a week ahead of the finish in Paris.
I am doing my job, I have my team and I am going to go forward. "I have been battling critics since I was 15 years old.Now I am 48 and I am going to continue to battle with them [the press]."
For Kumar, the strengthening of ties between Hollywood and Bollywood is bringing many opportunities, including the chance to work alongside his childhood hero Stallone. "It was an honor to work with him," he told CNN.People may not believe it, but I do."
A donor heart, however, relies on circulating adrenaline in order to get it going.On the heart transplant, though, it was completely the opposite.And that always was in my head, and this man who gave me his heart would always be with me."
Felipe Massa has been given the all-clear to begin training as he bids to return to the race track.Highly-rated Polish driver Robert Kubica is also in the running to replace Badoer, with his team BMW Sauber dropping out of F1 at the end of this season.Badoer's results aside, Ferrari have enjoyed a renaissance since Massa's injury, with 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen winning in Belgium to end a personal drought of 26 races and placing third in Valencia.
Sharapova bowed out of the French Open after suffering one of her worst career defeats.It's all experience.Hopefully I'll do better next time."
The family contends the letter was stolen.The Dallas News printed a copy of the letter, which White confirmed is authentic.It reads: My Ethel -- No one in the world could have ever been like you were yesterday -- except maybe Bobby -- We are going home now -- Your phone was busy You don't want any more callers you must be so tired -- I stayed up till 6:30 last night just thinking -- and praying for you -- and for you in the months ahead -- I love you so much -- You know that anything -- Stas will take little Bobby to Africa -- I'll take them around the world + to the moon + back -- anything to help you + them now and always -- With my deepest deepest love Jackie
Her startling appearance has made sure of that and in real life she is every bit as dramatic as she appears in these photographs. "Subscribe to SuperYachtWorld COPYRIGHT © 2009 IPC MEDIA LTD.ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
No fatalities were reported in the other incidents in 2006 and 2007.Meanwhile, a Panamanian cargo vessel sank off the central coast of the Philippines, though the 20 people on board -- 18 Filipinos and 2 South Koreans -- were rescued, the Philippine Coast Guard said.Journalist Cecilia Lazaro contributed to this report.
U.S. Marines participate in operation Saturday to push Taliban out of Herati, Afghanistan.Watch report on UK deaths in Afghanistan » The United States has lost 26 troops this month, putting it on pace to be the deadliest ever for U.S. forces in the country.CNN's Ivan Watson contributed to this report.
For those unable to leave for the 27 months required by intensive volunteer programs like the Peace Corps, these paid programs last from a week to a year.The Austin, Texas-based company offers work, teaching and volunteer programs to students and graduates in the U.S. and abroad.That has to be so boring."
Arroyo first took office in 2001.Since then, she has survived several impeachment attempts and periodic rumors of coups.She won re-election in 2004, though opposition parties called into question the legitimacy of that race.
Here's how celebrities take on the challenge.E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE!Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
What do you hope they get from your latest project?I get a lot of joy in singing in Latin languages.The list is never-ending.
Members of the Texas A&M Offshore Sailing Team are shown in this photo from the team's Web site.Communication with the boat was lost about midnight Friday, and the boat missed its 8 a.m. radio check the next morning, the Coast Guard reported.The 725-mile Veracruz regatta began on Friday and boats are expected to arrive in Veracruz on Wednesday and Thursday.
A woman adjusts a memorial of plastic flowers this week at the bombed Foreign Affairs Ministry building.Later in the evening, a motorcycle rigged with explosives detonated outside a busy coffee shop in a southeastern Baghdad district called New Baghdad, killing two and wounding 13 others, according to the Ministry of Interior.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
Jesse Jackson says ceremony to name him a prince of the Agni people was "very exciting."The sanctions, renewed last year, are in effect until October 29.The statement said more than 5.7 million people had been enrolled as voters on a "preliminary basis."
What are some other things you saw or heard?Reed: Leave the occult alone.You think you can control it, but it's going to backfire on you.
That's not a request for more troops, but a request from commanders who say the current camouflage uniform is not blending well in the diverse countryside.Troops will still keep the existing ACU, and commanders will be able to decide mission by mission what the soldiers should wear, according to Army officials.The testing is part of the Army's long-term development of a permanent alternative to the current ACU, according to Army officials.
One year ago cameras caught shocked Lehman Brothers' employees leaving the building with boxes.Among those who lost their jobs from Lehman Brothers, some such as former employee Caroline White, have turned their backs on the financial sector.CNN's Jim Boulden contributed to this report
305/451-2353, jul.com.But few are as amazing as its own 727 Fuselage Suite, a salvaged 1965 Boeing 727-100 that looks as if it's crashed into the Costa Rican jungle (it's actually mounted atop a 50-foot pillar and reached via a spiral staircase).Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel, Inc., all rights reserved.
In issuing its recall of milk products, Singapore had already suspended the import and sale of milk and dairy products from China on Friday, after it said it has found traces of melamine in three Chinese-made dairy products.White Rabbit is among the best-known candy brands in China and one of the few exported widely.It also robs infants of much-needed nutrition.
Water covered the wheels of his pickup. "This is a national infrastructure crisis," Kocher said.CNN's Alec Miran in Dundalk, Maryland, contributed to this report.
When Leno asked West what his mother would have thought of his behavior, he fell silent for more than a dozen seconds and appeared near tears.Would she be disappointed in this?Jerry Seinfeld also appeared on Leno's premiere Monday.
It's the law the Justice Department used to bring down the mob.The most recent self-represented "client" is Anthony Pellicano, the Hollywood private investigator who's been on trial for 78 counts lodged against him and two co-defendants.Let us do our jobs.
We asked both Bowler and Chabot about the possibility of terrorists creeping across the frontier.But Chabot said the government had the area fairly well covered. "So, for now, if you want to travel to Canada through Scobey or Whitetail, the agents who inspect your vehicles will be using the buildings now in place -- and according to the locals, you will be adequately served.
Almeida's death underscores the mortality of an aging cast of Cuba's revolutionary leaders.Widespread speculation surrounding the health of Fidel Castro grew in 2006 after he underwent abdominal surgery and later ceded the presidency to his younger brother, Raul.The elder Castro recently surfaced in a series of photos and video looking healthier, though he has not appeared in public in over three years.
Watch how a scandal might not wreck a career » Hunter explored New Age spiritualism.Edwards has denied giving any money to Hunter for anything other than her campaign work.Fred Baron, the finance chairman for the Edwards presidential campaign, told ABC that he used his personal resources to help Hunter move out of North Carolina and did not tell Edwards about the assistance, which consisted of access to jets, homes, cars and cash.
Parents say their child's body is covered in lesions as a result of toxic waste dumped in Ivory Coast in 2006.Trafigura also sued Leigh Day for libel, a suit that Trafigura said had been "resolved."Trafigura says on its Web site that it has "access to approximately $17 billion in credit facilities and investments... around the world of more than $1 billion."
Chris Brown, shown here at his June 22 court appearance, has publicly apologized in a video posted Monday. "The incident began when Rihanna, who was riding in the sports car driven by Brown, found a text message on his cell phone from "a woman who Brown had a previous sexual relationship with," according to a sworn statement by Los Angeles Police Detective DeShon Andrews. "The judge said he cannot have contact with Rihanna again until that is completed.
Finn talked to CNN at his ranch in the desert east of San Diego, California.I said, 'Alex, let me take that gun,' " Finn explained. "And this week, while many of those living recipients gather in Chicago, Obama will present the latest Medal of Honor at the White House to a soldier who fought and died heroically in Afghanistan.
Manchester United's Park Ji-Sung in action for his club.And what hope do South Korea have of emulating their 2002 World Cup glory in South Africa next summer?Leave your questions below.
Authorities combed Washington state for Phillip Paul, a killer who escaped Thursday during a field trip.A review of the policy that allows patients to take trips has been launched, said Susan Dreyfus, secretary of the Washington's Department of Social and Health Services.Dreyfus said she was concerned about Paul's escape and another recent brief escape by a patient at a different local mental facility.
The court records show that when the flight attendant refused to serve her alcohol, Freeman threw her drink at the attendant.If convicted, he faces up to 20 years in federal prison and a $250,000 fine.Just being heard makes a big difference."
An Iranian Armenian woman places flower at crash site.Only about 5 percent of accidents take place during the phase called en-route climb, 16 to 20 minutes into a flight, when a plane climbs to cruising altitude of 35,000 feet.About half of accidents take place during landing.
That began with the telegraph and the telephone and has morphed into the Internet."The company offers, for about $30,000, a 5-foot-tall, 35-pound robot that allows the user to remotely travel, see, hear and talk.This idea basically just takes that to its logical conclusion."
In a February 4 letter to district Superintendent Tim Wyrosdick in which Lay acknowledged the incident, he said that although past football booster club members "and other adults associated with the school system" were at the luncheon, culinary class students were in charge of food preparation and serving.Both parties approved the consent decree put in place January 9, under which district and school officials are "permanently prohibited from promoting, advancing, endorsing, participating in or causing prayers during or in conjunction with school events," the ACLU said.Pace is about 10 miles north of Pensacola, Florida.
Better still, they have declined in all age groups, though the greatest number of deaths occurs at age 21, followed by 22 and 23.In 1984 Congress passed and the president signed the National Minimum Drinking Age Act.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John M. McCardell Jr.
The U.S. military bombed about 300 tons of poppy seeds in a dusty field in southern Afghanistan Tuesday.Observers have noticed a significant decline in the opium trade in Afghanistan, with the number of poppy-free provinces increasing from 13 in 2007 to 18 in 2008, according to a U.N. report released last year.Atia Abawi contributed to this report
Zelaya vowed to hold the vote anyway but was ousted before the voting started.The congress named Micheletti provisional president shortly after Zelaya was detained by the military and sent into exile.Micheletti said Zelaya was not overthrown in a coup, but rather removed from power through constitutional means.
Things are different now.Now she can.He said, 'Boy, I missed that smell.' "
The Buena Park police are set to hold a news conference shortly. (Police say Jenkins could be behind the wheel of either car. (From Stacey Newman, Nancy Grace Producer)
The country is in the midst of a building boom to position itself as one of the world's premier tourist destinations.It is already home to the world's largest mall, the world's largest tower, and -- despite being in the Middle East -- the largest indoor snow park in the world. --CNN's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report.
The breach in the aircraft's fuselage caused a loss of cabin pressure.Reports we have are that our passengers were calm and that our pilots and flight attendants did a great job getting the aircraft on the ground safely."CNN's Shawn Nottingham and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report.
Watch British troops training in mock Afghan village » The Taliban insurgents are played by Nepalese Ghurkha soldiers authorized to handle weapons.But the unit commander can't help laughing when one of the Afghan village heads pulls out a "list of damages" by British troops.It turns out to be a receipt for the local supermarket.
Crime scene tape cordons off a squad car involved in a chase and shootings Saturday in Baltimore.The suspect is in custody and expected to live, Moses said.The officer shot in the buttocks was treated and released from the hospital Saturday.
Justin Timberlake has been an advocate of eco-golf at his course in Tennessee.The solar-powered cart: Ever felt like your golf cart could do with that extra bit of oomph?Our sales figures speak for themselves."
It turned out to be an adventure in itself.Her favorite site was a majestic palace used as the von Trapp family home in some of the exterior shots.It was just a great trip," she said.
A guard talks with a detainee at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, earlier this year. "Long later married a man who lost his parents when their plane slammed into the Pentagon on that fateful day.Mohammed and two others have been granted permission to defend themselves.
Ilene Misheloff, left, has been missing since 1989; Michaela Garecht disappeared in 1988.Kurt von Savoye of the Dublin Police Department said at the news conference. "If they had found something on this property, it most likely would have meant Michaela wasn't alive."
To the elation of their families, Bill Clinton returned to the U.S. with journalists Laura Ling and Euna Lee.But with the success of his North Korean mission so quick and easy, it's conceivable that Bill Clinton could add the role of "diplomatic cleaner" to his resume -- a version of Harvey Keitel's role as Winston Wolfe in the movie "Pulp Fiction" -- a fixer of messy problems, which he solves with a combination of stylish charisma and lucid thinking under pressure.The Obama administration has no shortage of messy foreign policy problems that Hillary Clinton knows could use a Winston Wolfe.
The marks of a police truncheon are shown on a student's back after a protest, Amnesty International says.The country's congress had outlawed the vote and the supreme court had ruled it illegal.Detention and ill treatment of protesters are being employed as a form of punishment for those openly opposing the de facto government and also as a deterrent for those contemplating taking to the streets to peacefully show their discontent with the political turmoil the country is experiencing," said Esther Major, Amnesty's Central America researcher.
Preisdent Obama says PAYGO is common sense.Pay-as-you-go embodies a common sense principle that you shouldn't dig a hole deeper," said Peter Orszag, director of the Office of Management and Budget.CNN's Kristi Keck and Tom Cohen contributed to this report.
More than 2.9 million people in India have been affected by floods since June, according to federal officials.Yearly monsoon rains sweep across the subcontinent from June till September.Though they bring much-needed relief to often-parched farmlands, they also leave a trail of landslides, home collapses and often fatal floods.
It will go the Senate for three days of debate next Tuesday, where it is almost certain to be approved.Opinion polls in France show that slightly more than half the population want shops to have the freedom to open on Sundays, according to Time magazine.CNN's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report.
Junkies smoking heroin can get high for $4.Here we deal with the problem from a humanitarian perspective, not from an addiction perspective, to save lives," says Jehan Zeb Khan, UNODC program manager.But says Khan, with what little funding there is now dwindling fast, the salvation offered to these lucky few may be short lived -- they will be forced back out on the streets, where more opium dens will flourish, bringing yet more misery for Afghanistan.
NASA says there is more water on the moon in more locations than originally thought.The research reports were being posted Thursday by the journal Science, at the Science Express Web site, www.sciencexpress.org, and will be in the magazine that comes out Friday.A news conference on the findings is scheduled for Thursday afternoon in Washington.
Local police officers also joined the search.Barnes began serving his sentence in January.CNN's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report.
Abdul Jawad is also shown in his bedroom, where he holds up sexual aids to the camera.It ends with him cruising the streets of Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, in his car and looking for women.CNN has been unable to reach Abdul Jawad, the Saudi Ministry of Justice or the Saudi Ministry of Information for comment.
Man set foot on the moon on July 20, 1969.What do you think is man's greatest achievement?Where does the moon landing fit in?
We are just left vulnerable."Lock told CNN he eventually gave up 70 percent of his father-in-law's farm, which he then owned.To those under siege these words are little comfort as they continue to fight a battle they are unlikely to win.
Under the Bush administration it labeled Undersecretary of State John Bolton "human scum." "Sovereignty, security, namely life, should be guaranteed.How can we barter life with money?"
Elton John kisses baby Lev during his visit to the orphanage in Ukraine on Saturday.BAAF Chief Executive David Holmes told CNN: "While Elton John may be considered too old under current guidance to adopt a baby in the UK, there are many children, particularly older children, sibling groups, children with disabilities, and children from black minority groups, all waiting for a family. "We'll certainly be reinforcing this message during National Adoption Week in Britain later this year."
In an exclusive, CNN talked with President Obama in Ghana about his order to review alleged deaths of Taliban. "The Obama administration has a legal obligation to determine what U.S. officials knew, where U.S. personnel were, what involvement they had, and the actions of US allies during and after the massacre.These questions, nearly eight years later, remain unanswered."
Saturday night's escape was the third for Joshua Duane Barnes, 21, since June 2008.The man, later identified as Barnes, barricaded himself in an abandoned residence before surrendering to police without incident about 10 a.m. Barnes was to be taken to one of the department's Huntsville-area prisons later in the day.CNN's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report.
CHARLES BOUSTANY JR, (R) LOUISIANA: We need to establish tough liability reform standards, encourage speedy resolution of claims, and deter junk lawsuits that drive up the cost of care.Campaign Finance AZUZ: It's their job to interpret our country's laws, and one case the justices are looking at right now could have a major impact on elections, including the ones coming up next year!For CNN Student News, I'm Carl Azuz.
A diver attaches a sensor to a Nomura's jellyfish off the coast of northern Japan in October 2005.But Nomura's stands out because of its enormous size. "However, no one is certain, Graham said.
Some Spaniards arrived at the Sachsenhausen camp, in convoys from France, the document said.The order, including international arrest warrants, was issued by Judge Ismael Moreno of Spain's National Court, which investigates genocide and crimes against humanity involving Spaniards.The 18-page document cited prior judicial investigative work from other countries regarding the backgrounds of the three alleged ex-Nazi guards and their suspected roles in the notorious Nazi death camps during World War II.
A Saudi man reads a newspaper featuring a front-page story on Thursday's attack.In August, Saudi Arabia's Interior Ministry announced that over the past year, 44 al Qaeda suspects across the country had been arrested.While the Interior Ministry is calling the attempted assassination an "action of treachery and treason", SPA reports that the Ministry will not change its "open-door policy" of granting amnesty to militants wishing to surrender - in particular, "those citizens residing outside the country" who wish to "take advantage of the state-sponsored program of advice and care."
There's an absolute foundation of truth -- almost scary truth -- to the things Adam says, the things Ari does, all that kind of stuff.There's this one thing that happens that will really stand out and that people will talk about.So some fun, exciting stuff to look forward to.
The images were then crunched into the single panorama using special software, an effort that took about 340 computing hours to finish, according to the ESO.You can chart your own trip across the Milky Way at GigaGalaxyZoom.org.The next GigaGalaxy Zoom image will be released Monday.
We should have no interference from outside," Mugabe said. "You don't leave power when imperialists dictate that you leave," he insisted. "They didn't go smoothly here, look at what happened during the first term of Bush."
This photo of Jaycee Dugard was taken at the 1991 Rose Bowl parade.To watch the interaction between Jaycee and her mother... after 18 years is remarkable," Scott said. "The emotions there, I think they're still wrestling with all of that but I think they're making great progress."
His doctor sent him to a specialist who diagnosed the cancer, he says.Yauch does not estimate how long the tour will be delayed, but he apologizes to "anyone who's made plans" to come to the shows.The illness will also delay the release of the band's next album, "Hot Sauce Committee Part 1," he says.
Drew Barrymore sat down with InStyle for its October issue, on newsstands Thursday.Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE!Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Despite her relocations, Phillips' career continued to advance.In 1975, she was offered the role of Julie Cooper on CBS' hit sitcom, "One Day at a Time," according to IMDB.com. "I've been trying to come to terms with this very difficult past," Phillips told Winfrey.
The 82 suspects arrested so far have links to Mexican drug cartels.This shows what can be accomplished at the local level when agencies work together," Kerlikowske said.Kerlikowske, who flew to Fresno County on Wednesday and toured a marijuana farm, said his office is one of the primary sponsors of the operation.
Hosam Maher Husein Smadi said through his lawyer that he understood the charges Friday.It details a conversation that Smadi is said to have had with authorities: "I have decided to change the target," he said, according to the affidavit. "Journalist Todd Bensman and CNN's Jeanne Meserve, Sean Callebs and Terry Frieden contributed to this report.
I believe in God, in Jesus Christ.I respect him enormously, but I think he is wrong.He's a victim of so much falsehood in the world."
The 14-year-old has been charged as an adult, Hill said.Detectives said the girl was placed in the custody of Phoenix child protective services after the attack because of her parents' attitude toward her.The girl and the boys charged are all from families that have come to the United States from the West African nation of Liberia, police said.
He told CNN that 640 patients had tested positive for the infection, including 30 with Japanese encephalitis, which is spread by mosquitoes.Acute encephalitis can be spread in various ways, including a bacterial or viral infection; the ingesting of toxic substances; and complications of a disease.The disease has mostly struck children up to 15 years old, Nigam added.
And it's been stressful for me."I mean you have a double whammy.It's a win-win for any family."
Iranian opposition suspects cover their faces at a Revolutionary Court hearing in Tehran last week. "On Wednesday, Iran's influential parliament speaker, Ali Larijani, dismissed allegations by Iran's opposition that post-election detainees were raped while in custody, according to state-run media.Kahrizak's chief was fired and arrested over allegations of detainee mistreatment, according to local reports Saturday.
The advocacy group said many of the soldiers interviewed in its report are still serving and fear repercussions if they reveal their identity, and they did not take their complaints up the chain of command.There are no factual details, no places, no names of incidents in specific houses on a specific date," military spokesman Lt.I was walking and praying to God and thought this is what death is like."
Will told the ABC program "This Week" that he had "no idea why she did this." "Palin, who was Sen. John McCain's vice presidential candidate in the 2008 election, said she already knew she would not seek a second term and decided against being a lame duck governor for the next 18 months.CNN's Rebecca Sinderbrand and Shirley Hung contributed to this story.
It is undeniable that the real failure of our criminal justice system is that it fails to distinguish between violent offenders and nonviolent offenders," Steinberg said. "A special panel of three federal judges issued the order, contending the crowded prison system violates prisoners' constitutional rights.California has a 70 percent recidivism rate.
Mourners kneel and pray to the dead as they face the devastated valley of Shiao Lin.Local officials don't care," one man said. "CNN's John Vause in Cishan, Taiwan; Pauline Chiou in Shiao Lin, Taiwan; and Mike Mount in Washington contributed to this report.
The breach in the aircraft's fuselage caused a loss of cabin pressure.Reports we have are that our passengers were calm and that our pilots and flight attendants did a great job getting the aircraft on the ground safely."CNN's Shawn Nottingham and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report.
Capt.Arming merchant sailors may result in the acquisition of even more lethal weapons and tactics by the pirates in a race that merchant sailors cannot win," Clancy told the committee. "It was unclear if the bodies will be returned to family members.
Worldwide influence Sesame's influential roots go back decades.Anything the Muppets do, anything they say, any idea they transmit, the children accept."Perhaps that means Iraq will get its own show someday and won't have to hold on to someone else's.
Some is even made using wind power.It is the whole reason to play music.I learn so much from playing with these other musicians," he says.
I think that I could have influenced General Jaruzelski in Poland to change his attitude toward the opposition and to see that dissidents such as Adam Michnik and Jacek Kuron were also patriots despite their criticism of the ruling party.By 1992 there were foundations in 22 countries and expenditure had reached $53 million.But the ideal of an open society is difficult to suppress and I have not given up hope.
Among other items found in the car were a disabled parking permit, mouthwash, a salt shaker and a roll of quarters totaling $7.25.Earlier this week investigators filed papers saying among the items discovered in von Brunn's apartment was a painting that appeared to depict Hitler and Jesus.They also found a.30-30 rifle, ammunition and a handwritten will.
Miller said.But knowing others depend on me, I can't get all broken up about it.He knows the secrets."
Vertical births where women are kneeling or crouching and holding on to a rope are common in Peru.Garcia added: "Health services for pregnant women in Peru are like a lottery: if you are poor and indigenous, the chances are you will always lose."The organization also recommends an increase in training, particularly in indigenous languages.
Paris Jackson, 11, is consoled by her uncle Marlon Jackson after delivering a tearful tribute to her father.There are those I feel in years to come, will try to distort him to his children... and not understand that the real challenges that Michael Jackson had to seriously face and did face and make a difference," the Rev. Al Sharpton said. "And I thought it was very important to put in context for his children what he dealt with in history and what he was able to do."
The couple had no biological children together.While the investigation continues, the family is keeping the children's whereabouts a secret.CNN's David Mattingly contributed to this report.
They (Jackson's family) didn't know the doctor.... He should have met with the family, given them comfort on the last hours of their son."Police have released no information on what they may have found.CNN's Ted Rowlands, Traci Tamura, Drew Griffin and Anna Coren contributed to this report.
There was a notable silence on the issue during the 2008 presidential campaign.But in several respects, this expansion was bigger in scale and scope than under previous presidents.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer.
The son of Italian immigrants, Martinelli, 57, is a self-made businessman who is chairman of the Super 99 supermarket chain, one of the largest private companies in Panama.The U.S.-educated president previously served as minister and chairman of the board of directors of the Panama Canal Authority and formerly was director of social security for Panama, according to his Web site.Martinelli won the presidency with 60 percent of the votes in a race against ruling-party candidate Balbina Herrera.
Dr. Arnold Klein denied in a CNN interview last month that he had given Jackson dangerous drugs.Jackson had been sued by the pharmacy, which claimed the pop singer had not paid a $100,000 bill, but the dispute was later settled.CNN's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report.
Bear-ing all: British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen's latest comic creation Austrian fashionista, Bruno, hits the red carpet.This time it is gay-rights campaigners who are up in arms. "You can enjoy them on a simple level, in that they are very funny, but hopefully you also come away thinking, or maybe re-thinking some of your attitudes."
Authorities are searching for North Carolina resident Jude Kenan Mohammed. "They also found a trench under the deck of the house, which a witness told the FBI was a bunker to store and conceal weapons, and a plywood plank placed in a tree so that someone sitting there could see anyone approaching the house, FBI special agent Michael Sutton said.Sabrina Boyd -- the wife of Daniel Patrick Boyd and the mother of the two younger Boyds -- has said the allegations against her family are false.
Debbie Williams, co-owner of the popular Roger's Bar-B-Que, was worried her business would go under. "Georgia's 9.7 percent unemployment rate reported in May is about the same as the June national average of 9.5 percent, according to federal statistics.CNN's Alina Cho contributed to this report.
For example, Thomas Jefferson owned slaves.With an education and a dream -- in America -- anything was possible.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz.
Umar recently declared that Mehsud had not been killed in a drone strike on his father-in-law's house, but a senior Pakistani official said that Umar had admitted under questioning that Mehsud was dead.The top U.S. envoy to the region, Richard Holbrooke, told CNN that the Pakistani Taliban had not confirmed Mehsud's death because of an ongoing power struggle over his successor.Journalists Janullah Hamizshada and Nazar ur Islam contributed to this report.
Briton Gary McKinnon is accused of carrying out the biggest ever U.S. military hacking operation.In one case, McKinnon allegedly crashed computers belonging to the Military District of Washington.He said McKinnon fears that his compulsion to say what he thinks would land him in trouble in an American prison.
Hillary Clinton was in Cape Verde on Friday on the final leg of her Africa tour.African leaders must take the lead in reforming their own countries, she said.The State Department notes it is the earliest trip by a secretary of state and a president to Africa of any previous U.S. administration.
President Richard M. Nixon, right, and his Brazilian counterpart, Emilio Medici.Kornbluh said he also hopes that surviving Chilean government and military officers from the era who knew of any arrangements with the Brazilian government will come forward and tell their stories. "This is history for history's sake, but history will not find closure until it's fully aired," he said.
Lance Armstrong's appearance in Paisley, Scotland, saw around 200 people joining him on a bike ride.Haha!Awesome!"
A statement on the Renault Web site said: "Following the unfortunate recent events, the Renault F1 Team has reacted swiftly by implementing a new temporary management team structure, which will be in place from today until the end of the 2009 season. "Bob Bell, currently technical director, takes on the duty of team principal and chief technical office.Bell will attend all the remaining races of the season and will be the team's spokesperson on all sporting and technical matters "The Renault F1 Team is now ready to concentrate on the future."
President Richard M. Nixon, right, and his Brazilian counterpart, Emilio Medici.Kornbluh said he also hopes that surviving Chilean government and military officers from the era who knew of any arrangements with the Brazilian government will come forward and tell their stories. "This is history for history's sake, but history will not find closure until it's fully aired," he said.
The cable links southern Africa to Europe and Asia.Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete said in his opening address: "It's the ultimate embodiment of modernity."His speech was beamed via SEACOM from a launch in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, to the simultaneous launch in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Manufacturers across the UK share Wiltshire's optimism, according to the survey.At Numarine "things are looking better for the last three months," Tchomak told CNN. "Throughout the downturn Trinity was able to continue to deliver ships at a record pace, thanks to a hearty backlog of orders placed during the markets peaks.
Police officers from Tucson, Arizona, left, talk with a Pittsburgh officer Thursday outside the G-20 summit.Paul Sayre said.The additional help protecting downtown locations "gives Pittsburgh the flexibility to send its officers where needed," Sayre said.
MIT researcher Pablo Valdivia Alvarado works in his lab on a robotic fish he co-created.MIT's mechanical engineers are now turning their attention to new challenges: A robotic manta ray and a terrestrial robot in the form of a salamander.CNN's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report.
Ahmed had traveled from Minneapolis.All that could be heard was a quick sentence. "That's what she said, and that's what I believe."
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's government has been accused of trying to eliminate the Baha'i community.The arrests of the six last week and another Baha'i leader in March sparked sharp condemnation by the Baha'is, the United States, Canada, the European Union and humanitarian groups.The Baha'is-- regarded as the largest non-Muslim religious minority in Iran -- say they have 5 million members across the globe, and about 300,000 in Iran.
If the German people vote for peace, then the Mujahedeen will choose peace with Germany as well," he said. "And with the withdrawal of the last German soldier from Afghanistan, the last Mujahed will also leave Germany.Al Qaeda gives you their word."
The swine flu story was hitting close to home in a major way.Watch the Dalai Lama's fist bump » So I rolled up my sleeves and took a shot for the seasonal flu.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Myron Lowery.
The coffins of six Italian soldiers killed in a suicide attack in Kabul return to Rome.Col.The rest of Italy's 2,800 troops in Afghanistan will withdraw only when NATO calls for it, La Russa said.
Authorities would consider setting up an advisory board on Sriharan's demand, Bharathi added. "She ended her fast today and had her breakfast and lunch," Bharathi told CNN.India accused Sri Lanka's Tamil rebels of ordering the killing of Rajiv Gandhi, who had sent Indian peacekeepers to the restive island nation while in power.
The floods struck last week in the Asian nation's capital, Ulaanbaatar, and a province in the west.It was the worst to hit the country since 1966, Markus said.See images of flood victims » The government issued televised broadcasts ahead of the rainstorms but many children and elderly could not be evacuated in time, Markus said.
Because every time I talk to him he is in better spirits.He would make you strip nude first.CNN's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report.
Procedure Point out to students that Hispanic Heritage Month (September 15 - October 15) celebrates the culture and traditions of those who trace their roots to Spain, Mexico and the Spanish-speaking nations of Central America, South America and the Caribbean.V. Individuals, Groups and Institutions Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals, groups, and institutions.The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies (http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/ are published by the National Council for Social Studies (http://www.socialstudies.org).
The most successful treatments for breast cancer are drugs that specifically target these markers.With the devastating statistics and grim reality of this disease, Newman began her journey about five years ago to learn more about it.If this happens, according to Newman, it will open doors to new treatments.
iReport.com: Take a flood tour of Lincoln County, MO The administration and staff memberse have been cleaning, cooking and making space inside the school for people who have been displaced by the flooding.Just the other day, we had a a couple of guys who were driving from Oklahoma just to sandbag.It shows the type of effort people are putting in to help us out."
The Yes Men activist group says everything in the bogus edition of the tabloid is "100 percent" true.The Yes Men also have posed as spokesmen for organizations including the World Trade Organization and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.Their activities were documented in the 2003 film "The Yes Men."
Other associations claim they produce golf instructors.Then, call the instructor and ask if they have time to talk to you about your game and improvement goals.Regardless of what form of communication is available to you after the lesson, your instructor should be available, at no extra charge, within a reasonable amount of time, to answer your questions and take interest in your concerns.
Dosages prescribed to Anna Nicole Smith were "dangerously high," a drug expert says in an affidavit.The doctor personally visited a Burbank, California, pharmacy in September 2006 to get a sleep aid -- chloral hydrate -- for Smith to use in the Bahamas.It is reasonable to believe that Dr. Eroshevich provided Anna Nicole Smith prescription medications and controlled substances by transporting them from California to Nassau, Bahamas with her on her travels to visit Anna Nicole Smith," Doss said.
Jay-Z: About 16.It was a weird juxtaposition.TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
When a London tabloid reported in December that Jackson was battling a potentially fatal disease that required a life-saving lung transplant, his publicist responded that he was "in fine health" and that the story was "a total fabrication."Jackson's financial troubles in the past year have included the near-foreclosure of his Neverland Ranch in California, which he later sold.Jackson has not lived at Neverland since June 2005, after a Santa Barbara County jury found him not guilty of child molestation charges.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House members Wednesday announce tax proposals affecting bonuses.But just as outrageous is the culture that these bonuses are a symptom of, that [has] existed for far too long; a situation where excess greed, excess compensation, excess risk-taking have all made us vulnerable and left us holding the bag."CNN's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report.
Sen. James Inhofe, R-Oklahoma, says his party may have enough votes to stall Democratic health care reform.Their view about health care is about defeating President Obama.Politically, I actually appreciate what they said."
Not a vague, wishy-washy notion that I should "get in shape," maybe "eat better" or possibly "go on a diet," but rather a specific long-term plan to enhance my wellness in a way that would not only stick, but fit within the parameters of my busy life as a full-time lawyer, husband and father of four small children.To top it off, Men's Fitness magazine recently named me one of the "25 Fittest Guys in the World." (The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Rich Roll.
Enderlein believes a coalition with the liberals would put Merkel under pressure to implement wider ranging tax breaks than she feels are sustainable.So Merkel and Steinmeier were careful to keep Afghanistan off the campaign agenda as best they could because they agree German troops need to stay in Afghanistan like they agree on so many topics.That did not make for an exciting campaign, but it could make for a good continuation of the grand coalition.
Pakistan's parliament building was one target of a planned attack, an official says.Two women and seven children were among the injured.The Taliban claims Mehsud is alive but ill.
One of them said, 'Today you go die,' and then he shot him in the side.As he was going to shoot him a third time, the other MOPOL said... 'Leave it, he's already dead.'"CNN's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report.
This is a huge tragedy, so there is no place for speculation," she said.Police had launched an investigation into the cause of the crash.CNN's Per Nyberg contributed to this report.
He said the plane was a Russian-made Ilyushin.Watch video of the plane » This is the second deadly plane crash in Iran this month.On July 15, a Caspian Airlines passenger plane carrying 168 people crashed in northwestern Iran, killing everyone on board, including 10 members of the country's youth judo team: eight athletes and two coaches.
The police report says I was engaged in loud and tumultuous behavior.It escalated as follows: I kept saying to him, 'What is your name, and what is your badge number?'But the only black people who truly live in a post-racial world in America all live in a very nice house on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue."
South Korean Yoon Ki-Dal, right, meets the children he left behind as babies during the Korean War.The agreement to hold the reunions came after North and South Korea held three days of talks, mediated by the International Committee of the Red Cross, last month, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported at the time.Journalist Sohn Jie-Ae contributed to this report.
How the British press reported the Glasgow attack.There will be other weekends when we fear we will be commenting not on close shaves but on completed terrorist attacks."E-mail to a friend
Russia's Foreign Ministry had no comment when asked about the video.Kyle Hatcher has done nothing wrong," he said. "CNN's Matthew Chance in Moscow and Paul Courson in Washington contributed to this report.
I like to think of us as little pixies spreading breast cancer awareness."Want to get involved?Check out The Florida Breast Health Initiative and see how to help.
Airing too much of your dirty laundry to them will make you look like a psycho.The Frisky: 10 rules on way men and women eat Dude sure as hell didn't tell them the truth about why you broke up!The Frisky: Happy to be single TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Nichols said authorities are looking for a gray-primer-painted pickup truck that was seen in the area Sunday night. "We'll take any tip that anybody has," he said.A tip line has been set up at 217-732-3000, Nichols said.
The latest test follows Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's disclosure Friday that Iran was building a second uranium enrichment facility.Watch analyst's view on missile tests, nuclear tensions » The United States and Israel believe that Iran is seeking nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear energy program.Iran has denied the allegation.
The foundation was just sort of started by the time we got home."Some of that is paying for prosthetics for three children until they reach age 18.CNN's Doug Gross contributed to this report.
There are a lot of forensics aspects to the story."It's being developed by Rocksteady Studios and will be published by Eidos Interactive in conjunction with Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment and DC Comics. (Nobody loves a good Batman story more than I do," he said.
Matador Joselito Ortega in an exhibition fight on Sept. 23 in the southern Spanish city of Malaga.Only God is sacred," said Domecq, who also publishes a bullfighting Web site. "The rest of the traditions have to advance, modernize."
In 2007 UNICEF estimated that 29 percent of children ages five to 14-years-old in Malawi worked, and that the majority of those children worked in agriculture.See pictures of Malawi's child tobacco farmers » "Nicotine is water soluble and can enter via the skin, so if it has recently rained, or there is heavy dew, the nicotine migrates into the water on the leaf.Since the report came out in August, Plan International told CNN in an email that "the government has been constructive in their response and are discussing/looking to work with Plan to conduct a national survey to gauge the true scale of the issue and better enforcement of existing child labor laws."
Gadhafi may be staying in a tent on the front lawn of a New Jersey house owned by the Libyan Mission.My plan is to sue them, extract as much money as possible and use Libyan money for planting trees instead of buying bombs," he wrote in another Huffington Post piece Monday.Boteach and Wildes also are planning a protest at the construction site on Sunday.
Kim was headed to a rally in Seoul a month after the election when a truck turned directly into the path of his car, forcing him off the road.Kim was left with a permanent limp from the incident, which was widely considered an assassination attempt.CNN's Sohn Jie-Ae and Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report.
Former President Clinton said Republicans won't see a 1994-like surge at the polls in 2010.And, he said, "the Democrats haven't taken on the gun lobby like I did." "Whatever happens, it'll be manageable for our president," Clinton said.
He would not disclose what drugs O'Neal had, but said he was taken to a jail facility about 40 miles north of Los Angeles.It was not clear whether O'Neal posted bail, which was set at $25,000. --CNN's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report.
As of now, 55 black bears in the area have been fitted with collars.Usually the things you'll see is a little bit of an abrasion where they've rubbed some of the fur off, or maybe a cut," Cox said when asked about the danger of using a snare trap.As this young cub wanders off, the research team can only hope she finds a road less traveled -- and stays off the highways.
Erakat said Israel was "deliberately escalating tensions" in Jerusalem at the same time that U.S. President Barack Obama is trying to coax the two sides into restarting talks aimed a permanent settlement of the decades-old conflict. "Providing a police escort for settlers who are against peace at all costs, and whose presence is deliberately designed to provoke a reaction, are not the actions of someone who is committed to peace, but of someone who will go to extraordinary lengths to scuttle all hopes of peace," Erakat said.CNN's Shira Medding contributed to this report
Are these tapes real?Yes, it does.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen.
The solar phone is expected to be a great success in Kenya.Until he buys one, he'll keep making the trek to the shopping center every Sunday afternoon after church.He wouldn't go into further detail about his mobile phone woes, not wanting to waste his battery charge on the call.
Actress Joanna Lumley, whose father served in the Gurkhas while she was a girl, has been an outspoken campaigner for their rights.Today there are 3,400 troops in the Gurkha brigade, operating from bases in Great Britain.Most recently, Gurkha troops were used in the Persian Gulf War and the Balkan conflicts.
During a family gathering two weeks ago, 12-week-old Smokey was waiting to be fed as his owner used the fork to shoo another dog away from Smokey's food, Su Smith, vice president of Cumberland Valley Animal Hospital in London, Kentucky, wrote in an article on the hospital's Web site.Dr. Smith asks everyone who believes this is a cruelty case to 'please back off' and stop jumping to unfounded conclusions," Su Smith wrote. "If you have never had an accident of any kind, you may cast the first stone, but there will be no criminal charges filed in this case."
However, 14 minutes from time, Peter Czvitkovics claimed Debrecen's winner.Israeli champions Maccabi Haifa were also winners on the road with a goal six minutes from time from substitute Shlomi Arbeitman earning a 2-1 win at Salzburg.Georgian striker Vladimer Dvalishvili headed Haifa in front before Alexander Zickler equalized on 57 minutes for the Austrians.
The Sun tabloid newspaper's UFO splash.She told The Guardian the lights were fireworks her brother Tim had bought at the local garden center for the 80th birthday party of dad Peter Bell. "What do you think?
The 82 suspects arrested so far have links to Mexican drug cartels.This shows what can be accomplished at the local level when agencies work together," Kerlikowske said.Kerlikowske, who flew to Fresno County on Wednesday and toured a marijuana farm, said his office is one of the primary sponsors of the operation.
Tourists watch waves crash ashore at Acadia National Park in Maine on Sunday.Martel had stood far enough back that the first wave did not affect her much, but when she saw the second coming, she turned her back to protect a camera she had.CNN's Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report.
The fraudulent accounts, with e-mail addresses only one number apart, were all created on the same days, from the same computers, and all votes cast from these 70-plus accounts were received within one minute of each other from the same computers (which generally means the owner of these accounts simply logged off and logged back onto another account to vote again)," according to the competition Web site.Over the next four weeks, four more dogs will have a chance to be voted into the semifinals.After finishing in second place two weeks in a row, MoMo would appears to be the favorite to advance, where he could get another shot at Stephen Colbert el dos.
Any time there is a shooting and we have young people shot, it's a travesty," he said. "We have to get our youth to understand that conflict resolution isn't picking up a gun."Tolbert added that the police are instituting a "safe-routes-to-school program."
We are relieved that no one was injured and it's fortunate that we were able to apprehend the student before he hurt himself or anyone else," said San Mateo School District Associate Superintendent Kirk Black said.Authorities said the suspect, whose name was not immediately released, had been a student at the school in 2008.CNN's Nick Valencia contributed to this report.
The skeletal remains of two infants were found near a Texas trailer, police said Monday.In 2008, the same man called police to report that he had found a suitcase in the same area, in an overgrown field a distance away from the mobile homes, while dumping leaves.CNN's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report.
Authorities sort through the wreckage thought to be Debbie Hooper's car.Six flood-related deaths already have been reported in Douglas County.I'm busy right now, but I will call you back.' "
Sen. Daniel Akaka says, "Our goal is to provide veterans with accurate and timely resolution to their cases." "But it says the number of pending claims at year's end has grown during the same time period.The VA also is reviewing other potential programs -- "targeting certain claims for fast-track processing and leveraging technology."
At a certain point in his life, Roman Polanski had a lot of hope," Zenovich told TIME magazine in 2008. "He was so talented and everyone wanted to work with him."She had been suffering from terminal brain cancer.
Stuttgart general manager Horst Heldt added: "We have signed a world class player with Alexander Hleb.He will increase the quality of our squad even further."Stuttgart had seen moves for both Real Madrid's Klaas Jan Huntelaar and Vagner Love of CSKA Moscow break down in recent weeks.
James Crowley of the Cambridge, Massachusetts, Police Department will be visiting the White House Thursday.The committee "will identify lessons to be taken from the circumstances surrounding the incident" and will advise the police department on how "those lessons can be applied" to its policies and practices.CNN's Dan Lothian contributed to this report.
The order is followed by the explosive sound of gunfire traded as the wounded woman and her would-be killers fire on each other.It wasn't a bull's-eye but it was close enough," he said.It's given us a lot of grief," said Stonex, "I'd build her gallows if I could."
But employees at Baghdad's surveillance center often watch helplessly as death and destruction unfold before their eyes, on camera.The fledgling security surveillance operation has a long way to go, its director acknowledges.They know that every time there is a blast on screen, it's because they were not able to prevent it.
An older co-defendant claimed that Sullivan was the rapist.Outside a death-penalty context, the high court has offered little recent guidance on how to treat the youngest of underage criminal defendants.The thrust of their argument before the high court is not that Sullivan is innocent or that he seeks his freedom now but that he deserves to someday make his case before the state parole board.
A police Swat team enter a G4S cash depot in Vastberga, Stockholm.But Bengt Svensson, the head of Swedish police, defended the police officers' actions. "Just because we now have criminals who act like they do in the movies doesn't mean that we can do it as well," Svensson told Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet.
Watch two members of the House discuss reform » And the costs of a cooperative might not allow enough people to sign up, meaning that some of the nearly 46 million uninsured Americans wouldn't be able to buy into the program.Let's make it public, let's find out who the actuaries are."CNN's Dana Bash, Lesa Jansen and Chris Welch contributed to this report.
The Grammy-winning artist arrived at court Friday wearing a white shirt, gray blazer, black skirt and pink ballet slippers.Her hair is back to her trademark black beehive with a blond streak, in contrast to the natural curls she sported while in the Caribbean.Winehouse is famous for her retro, soulful R&B sound and has had a string of hits including "Rehab," "Back to Black," and "Tears Dry on Their Own."
Steiff CEO Martin Frechen denies all the allegations.Brennan said, "The company had in place no policies and procedures to inform her otherwise. "Collins, a mother of two, continues to work for Steiff as an assistant marketing manager.
At an earlier hearing, Judge Linda L. Loftis agreed to keep the autopsy and toxicology reports under seal, citing a "great danger of public outrage."If convicted on the murder, rape and kidnapping charges, Huckaby, could face the death penalty or life in prison without parole, authorities said.CNN's Alan Duke and Jim Roope contributed to this report
Normal rice dies after three days of complete flooding.There are always more things to work on."CNN.com's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story.
People test the "sky watching telescope" at the Gujarat Council of Science City in India.In fact, there are critically ill patients who do not want to be in the hospital on the day of the eclipse, she said.he said.
I don't want a perfect character, I want a character who has, as strange as it sounds, some humanity, some flaws, some needs.This is Darwin's movie, um Sam Rockwell and Penelope Cruz's movie -- they're the stars.Yes, I like to go for walks in the forest.
Cone shell snails: Little creatures tackling big pain It could kill you: Thanks to their unique colors and intricate patterns, cone shells look like they'd make great beach souvenirs.Most scientists believe we've only just begun to grasp the pharmaceutical possibilities of some of the world's rarest and deadliest creatures.All rights reserved.
These guys act like rock stars," said Sgt.It's McConnell's job to remove what he calls "the mystique of being a gangster."That's an indictment of how we are handling this."
Walt Staton was convicted in June of littering by leaving jugs of water in a wildlife refuge.The charge can carry a $100,000 fine and a year in jail, Walker said.With tens of thousands of illegal immigrants crossing through the refuge -- Hawkes said last year's number was about 54,000, down from hundreds of thousands years earlier -- the last water-related death there was in June 2008, he said.
Hours before the two leaders met, at least five Iranian pilgrims were killed and dozens more wounded earlier Wednesday in an attack northeast of Baghdad.The violence came a day after a spate of bombings left at least 22 Iraqis dead and about 150 wounded.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh and Dan Lothian contributed to this report.
He estimates that his method could be available clinically in five years, after researchers find ways to reduce the required number of cells by a factor of 10 or even 100.However, because it is an invasive surgical procedure in which stem cells are delivered through a catheter, there is a risk of perforation of about 1 percent, he said.This is a good idea, but patients and families should not expect immediate results," he said.
For undetermined reasons that are currently under investigation, the switch had not changed position needed to allow the Pink train to be routed to the Magic Kingdom loop," putting the Pink and Purple trains on a collision course, the NTSB statement said.NTSB investigators believe that Wuennenberg attempted to put his train into reverse before the collision, attempting to avoid the crash.The Orange County Sheriff's Office, which is investigating Wuennenberg's death, would not comment, citing the ongoing investigation.
The handsome British actor known for appearing in movies such as "Cold Mountain" and "The Talented Mr. Ripley" and headlines a few years ago after an alleged fling with his children's caregiver and a broken engagement with actress Sienna Miller.He is scheduled to appear in "Hamlet" on Broadway in October and will star opposite Robert Downey Jr. in the movie "Sherlock Holmes" slated to open Christmas Day.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Security camera footage shows images of the men wanted by police.A CNN camera crew filming in March on Oxford Street, near Bond Street, caught a group of thieves speeding away on motorbikes from a jewelry store they had just robbed.The thieves choose to strike during the day when a store's security system is typically disarmed, even though the store and sidewalk may be crowded with people.
Soon, dozens of calls about the fire from other neighbors began to pour into the control room.I say, 'If I'm not laughing, I'll start crying.'This is what I have to do."
A rock was also thrown in a separate incident in the same year.In 1911 it was stolen from the Louvre but was returned two years later.CNN's Flora Genoux in Paris, France, contributed to this report.
Those who have had allergic reactions to insects should always carry an antihistamine and an epinephrine auto-injector for emergencies, experts said.However, some people experience a more widespread reaction, such as a drop in blood pressure, lightheadedness or hives all over.The American College of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology can also help you find an allergist.
Rachel McAdams and Eric Bana star as a couple trying to connect in "The Time Traveler's Wife."It's a time-travel fantasy in search of a cozy love seat.EW Grade: B-minus CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
He ended up robbing a nearby Fannie May candy store at gunpoint, police said, and fled that store in a white taxi.Authorities said the robber, a man between ages 30 and 40, was still at large.No injuries were reported in either robbery.
Democrats protested and the White House insisted that the president's words were misinterpreted.But in the overview, there was no doubt that the steady drumbeat of criticism started out at a fairly low level and just has come to this deafening roar, and that's very much like it was in the resistance to the Clinton plan."I think the time is critical for President Obama because at the end of the year, Congress goes off and takes a recess... and so you end up having a pretty narrow time frame, and then when they come back in January -- guess what, it's an election year," Crowley said.
Opponents of the amendment mounted a huge campaign to stop it.New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, a campaign co-chairman, opposed the law on a number of grounds, arguing both that it tramples on states' rights and that guns are dangerous. "CNN's Alan Silverleib and Evan Glass in Washington contributed to this report.
Bush: "A chicken soaked in the rain," according to a North Korean Cabinet newspaper.In May 2009, North Korean newspapers said Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso was "greedy for power" and "incompetent in politics."According to KCNA, they described him as "nothing but a political charlatan who does not know where to stand, a mere puppet and a guy with a poor knowledge of history."
Now you can add winner of "The Celebrity Apprentice" to Joan Rivers' lengthy resume.But Rivers seemed to be especially infuriated by Duke, calling her a "despicable human being" -- the tamest of the insults she hurled in Duke's direction over the course of the series.NBC announced last month it is bringing back "The Celebrity Apprentice" for another installment in the spring of 2010, Entertainment Weekly reported.
Patients at the hospital were briefly moved to higher ground, but they were soon brought back and the hospital is operating, the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency said.A U.S. Coast Guard C-130 cargo plane was scheduled to land Wednesday around noon Eastern time, which coincides with sunrise in the Pacific U.S. protectorate, said Craig Fugate, FEMA administrator.CNN's Barbara Starr, Augie Martin, Mariano Castillo, Moni Basu, Tess Eastment, Jim Kavanagh, Mike Ahlers, Hank Bishop and Nick Valencia contributed to this report.
Plastic flowers decorate a car destroyed in last week's bombings in Baghdad, Iraq.Some midlevel and senior members of the Baath party sought refuge in Syria after the U.S. invasion that ousted Hussein in 2003.Al-Maliki asked for the handover of some of those ex-officials during a visit to Damascus last week, Iraqi officials said.
Tickets for the film go on sale Sunday, September 27, Sony said in a news release Thursday. "Audiences will be given a privileged and private look at the singer, dancer, filmmaker, architect, and genius as he creates and perfects his final show," Sony said.Kenny Ortega, who was working with Jackson to create the "This Is It" concert, is also directing the documentary.
A resident of al-Ouja told CNN the government had no right to stop visitors from going to their former president's tomb. "Even if they put police and army outside the door, they will not stop us from visiting our president, our leader and our father," said Mohammed al- Nasiri.Hussein was executed in 2006 after an Iraqi court sentenced him to death for crimes against humanity.
From there it goes through the breather system, back into the fuel delivery system, and into the engine to be burned.You must maintain your vehicle if you want to get the maximum life out of it and, in the long run, spend the least amount of money.AOL Autos: How to avoid common car problems
William Safire died in Maryland following a battle with pancreatic cancer, The New York Times reported.A new edition came out in 2008.He is survived by his wife, Helene, two children and one grandchild.
They said they have not utilized "artillery or other indirect fire weapons, and no bombs have been dropped from aircraft."Taliban resistance has been light and sporadic, consisting of intermittent small arms fire, the Marines said on Thursday.CNN's Atia Abawi in Afghanistan, Nic Robertson in Pakistan and Chris Lawrence and Barbara Starr at the Pentagon contributed to this report.
And I suggest to you that that's why 47 people did not mutiny that evening."Writers and editors for travel industry publications took the place of members of Congress in questioning the witnesses.Organizers said the top airline industry organization declined to participate.
Ahmed Omar Abu Ali, seated far left, appears in an artist's rendering of a March 2005 court hearing.Abu Ali's 30-year sentence was to be followed by 30 years of supervised release.CNN's Justine Redman contributed to this report.
Matador Joselito Ortega in an exhibition fight on Sept. 23 in the southern Spanish city of Malaga.Only God is sacred," said Domecq, who also publishes a bullfighting Web site. "The rest of the traditions have to advance, modernize."
A niqab is a garment that covers the entire face and head, except for the eyes.Muhammad refused, saying that she was a practicing Muslim and would take off the veil only in front of a female judge.Last month, the Judicial Council of Georgia adopted a policy allowing religious head coverings in the state's courtrooms, the Atlanta Journal Constitution reported.
England international Steven Gerrard is in court defending his actions after a bar brawl late last year.When I had hold of Marcus, I remember swinging my right hand two or three times. "The father of two said he had not been in trouble with the police since the age of 19, when he was banned from driving for nine months for drink-driving.
He says his company is thinking about expanding from five rock music-themed cruises to seven this year and eventually nine.Going on a cruise with your favorite artists is one of the coolest ways to make a real pure connection," Levine says by phone, before boarding a ship full of Barenaked Ladies fans.And to do it with other believers is encouraging."
It's hurting them, the man, and it's hurting their families and its hurting the community."I would rather be with my wife.This was quick but it wasn't worth it."
More than 150 alleged militants were arrested by Nigerian police after clashes.The official News Agency of Nigeria reported that as many as 100 members of a religious sect led by Sheikh Mohammed Yusuf may have been killed in a confrontation with police.CNN's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report.
Police want to question Ryan Jenkins about the death of his ex-wife, model Jasmine Fiore.Davida Sullivan, who trained with Fiore in Las Vegas to be a Playboy Bunny called her a bit reserved, careful with her words, and a "very, very sweet girl." "Nancy Grace" producer Philip Rosenbaum contributed to this report.
The Supreme Court will review a key provision of the 2001 Patriot Act.Its leaders have previously called for militancy to create a separate Kurdish state in parts of Turkey, Iraq, Syria and Iran, where Kurds comprise a population majority.Oral arguments will be held early next year, with a decision expected by the spring.
All good news.Another discussed the reform of the public-school system, the decoupling of the schools from a centralized board, resulting in the city becoming the leader in charter-school enrollment.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harry Shearer.
On the list of likely replacements could be Schumacher -- who won five of his drivers' titles with Ferrari and works as an advisor for the team.He's spending more and more time awake, talking to family and friends.Formula One's safety record has improved dramatically in recent years, with the last fatality in 1994 when the legendary Brazilian Ayrton Senna crashed at Imola.
He was named the World Boxing Hall of Fame fighter of the year in 2002, the Web site said.A $17,000 reward has been offered for the return of the watch and ring, Plummer said.The watch has a black leather band and diamonds, and his championship ring is engraved with his name and four X's signifying his four championship wins.
Police have obtained a warrant to arrest Mesac Damas, 33, on suspicion of six counts of first-degree murder.Later, authorities requested a key to the house from property management, as well as authorization to enter.Rambosk said Tuesday the victims' family members are "extremely emotional and distraught."
CIA Director Leon Panetta canceled the covert program this year when he learned of its full scope.At the time of the cancellation, officials said, renewal of the program was being considered.The incident led to the Iraqi government's refusal to renew the firm's operating license in the country when it expired in May. Although it lost the Iraq contract, the company, which changed its name to Xe earlier this year, continued to get multimillion-dollar contracts from the U.S. government for work in Afghanistan.
Image released by the Brazilian Air Force shows oil slicks in the water near a debris site.When conditions are severe enough, planes can easily deviate around or above storms, experts say.Although none of the other flights are known to have reported weather problems en route, aviation experts said weather can change suddenly and vary over short distances, so one plane might experience conditions far worse than another.
Police cordon off the route leading to the location of the latest blasts in Palma de Mallorca.According to the counter-terrorism office of the U.S. State Department, ETA members received training in Libya, Lebanon and Nicaragua, while the group also enjoyed close links with the Irish Republican Army.The Good Friday peace accord influenced ETA to call its cease-fire in 1998.
U.S. Marines gather for a briefing in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, on Wednesday.Helmand Province, where much of the fighting is taking place, has been a hotbed of Taliban violence in recent months.CNN Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence contributed to this report.
A USAF technician at Creech Air Force Base, checks Hellfire missile attachments on a Predator.They just circled above and they watched U.S. soldiers die in front of them."And that's good and bad."
The report comes as Congress debates a White House-backed climate change bill that seeks to reduce the United State's greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent by 2020 and 83 percent by 2050 through a so-called "cap and trade" program.The bill cleared a key House committee vote in May and could be considered by the entire chamber within the next two weeks, House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said Tuesday.The bill's future remains unclear in the Senate, where leaders are holding off advancing their own version of the legislation until it clears the lower chamber.
Obama says the misinformation confuses people over an already complex issue that requires public understanding. "It's hyperbolic, it's fear-mongering, it's actually politics at its worst," Daschle said Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press." "That's the kind of thing that generates the kind of anger and fear and anxiety that people have today."
I know that here, too, in the Ivera region, many families are facing economic hard times due to a lack of work," he said, referring to the now-defunct Olivetti typewriter manufacturer in the region. "Dear friend, do not be discouraged," he added, according to Agence-France Presse. "Providence always helps those who do the right thing and seek justice; it also helps those who think not only of themselves, but also think of those in worse situations than their own."
What's Hawaiian for 'browsing' the Web'?When the translations are completed, we make the product(s) available in that language.We didn't want to send that kind of message so we've worked to make the language more accessible."
U.S. Marines, under fire from a building, move to take it Saturday in Helmand province, Afghanistan.Insurgents attacked with indirect fire, including multiple rockets and mortars -- at least one of which contained white phosphorous -- small-arms fire and a car bomb, according to a statement from NATO's International Security Assistance Force (ISAF).CNN's Atia Abawi and reporter Wahidullah Mayar contributed to this report.
It is also one of the most curable if discovered early.2012 [the next Olympics] is a push for me.Right now I'm just kind of taking it year by year and we'll see what happens."
Jay Leno stands with the children of people who met and started families while working on the show. "It was amazing," said Justin Herring from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. "Conan O'Brien, Leno's first guest Friday night, will be taking over "The Tonight Show" hosting duties beginning Monday.
A man fights against strong winds in Hsintien, Taipei county, Taiwan, on Friday.The storm's impact had already been felt by Friday morning, with mudslides and landslides occurring on the island.CNN's Brandon Miller contributed to this report.
It also held a vehicle that matched the description of the car used in Dugard's kidnapping, Kollar said.There was nothing that would cause you to question it.The man said authorities came out and had a brief conversation with the Garrido family, but nothing ever happened.
Afghan villagers tend to opium poppies in Taliban-controlled Helmand province in April 2007.If we don't give them the support to produce alternative crops, then by wiping out their opium fields, you are only creating enemies for the future," he said.E-mail to a friend
However, aviation experts warn airport infrastructure still lags behind demand, and that real estate realities in the New York area, perceived to be the epicenter of aviation delays, mean that new runways are least likely to be built where they are most needed.It would do an enormous amount to relieve congestion throughout the entire nation."There's every reason to believe that until we're all comfortably dead, we will all enjoy delays in air traffic," Jenkins said.
Police were hunting for Ryan Alexander Jenkins after the death of Jasmine Fiore.51 Minds is investigating what went wrong and taking steps to ensure that this sort of lapse never occurs again."CNN's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report.
Benzema should have doubled the lead soon after following a mistake by Aranzubia, but saw his chip over the keeper rebound off the bar.The Frenchman made way for last season's top scorer Higuain in the 72nd minute, with the Argentine lucky to avoid being booked for a blatant dive in the penalty area.Real's rivals Barcelona start the defense of their title on Monday at home to Sporting Gijon, having already won a trophy this season by beating Shakhtar Donetsk 1-0 in the European Super Cup on Friday.
McCartney and John Lennon wrote many of the songs for the Beatles' White Album while there, but the group disbanded within two years.The list of performers also includes Sheryl Crow, Eddie Vedder, Ben Harper, Moby, Bettye LaVette and Jim James.Tickets go on sale Monday, March 9, through Ticketmaster.
Embassy officials became suspicious of the documents -- partly because the women seemed too old to be the mothers.She says no money changed hands.If they are convicted, the accused could each face up to 10 years in prison.
The juvenile system has been utterly incapable of doing anything with Mr. Sullivan."Child legal advocates say many states lack adequate resources to handle young inmates given long sentences, including a lack of proper jailhouse counseling.The thrust of their argument before the high court is not that Sullivan is innocent, nor that he seeks his freedom now, just that he deserves to someday make his case before the state parole board.
Our concern right now is that likely safe havens are areas in the Horn of Africa, like Somalia and Yemen, that are countries that because of their political status can be attractive to al Qaeda in order to operate there," Panetta said earlier this month.Al-Shaabab, also known as the Mujahideen Youth Movement, was officially designated as a terrorist organization by the United States in March 2008.It is waging a war against Somalia's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law.
Two agents died in a vehicle wreck in 2006, and four died in 2007, including two who died in vehicle wrecks, a third who drowned and a fourth who suffered a heart attack while pursuing undocumented immigrants.Two agents died on duty last year, the Border Patrol said.One died in a single-vehicle wreck; another was struck and killed by a vehicle driven by a suspected smuggler, according to the agency's Web site.
It is also one of the most curable if discovered early.2012 [the next Olympics] is a push for me.Right now I'm just kind of taking it year by year and we'll see what happens."
Owen, looking to impress watching England manager Fabio Capello, survived for just 20 minutes at Old Trafford before going off with a groin strain.He's a marvellous player."Juventus are third in the group after two draws, with Maccabi bottom after drawing blank.
Fighting has forced about 250,000 Somalis out of their homes in Mogadishu since May and many of the displaced have sought refuge west of the capital in the Afgooye corridor, the U.N. agency said.Also, many Somalis have chosen to flee the country by traveling across the Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea to Yemen or the Mediterranean Sea to Europe.Many have drowned or have gone missing in their journey.
Now ecologists have assessed the earthquake's impact on biodiversity and the habitat for some of the last existing wild giant pandas.Since forests are the main vegetation type used by the pandas, the authors compared forested areas in satellite images from September 2007, before the earthquake, to images after the earthquake and its aftershocks, in July 2008.When coupled with these increasing human activities, natural disasters create unprecedented challenges for biodiversity conservation."
Tropical Storm Kammuri struck the northern provinces on Friday.The southeast Asian country is prone to heavy rainfall during the May through September monsoon season.The resulting landslides and floods have killed hundreds in past years.
Aaron Castro and his brother were the leaders of the methamphetamine ring, authorities say. "The Castros are being held in the Adams County jail on $1 million bail each.It is unclear if they have attorneys.
Ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya appears Tuesday at the U.N. General Assembly.I come here with a pain, but also with a hope."CNN's Tom Watkins contributed to this report
Earlier this season American Airlines raised its fees for first and second checked bags on domestic flights to $20 and $30, respectively.Continental, Delta and United airlines charge $15 for the first checked bag if the fees are paid online, and $25 for the second bag.At the airport, these airlines charge $20 and $30 for the first and second bags.
A traditional Samoan fale is destroyed Wednesday in the devastated village of Leone.We also stand ready to help our friends in neighboring Samoa and throughout the region, and we'll continue to monitor this situation closely as we keep the many people who have been touched by this tragedy in our thoughts and in our prayers," Obama said.Journalist Jeff DePonte contributed to this report.
If there'd been a little TM trademark thingy back in the 300s B.C., I'd be a very rich man today.My fave Greek philosopher buddy Ari would respond emphatically. "TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Workers clear the site outside the ministries of Finance and Foreign Affairs in Baghdad.In one attack, a truck bomb exploded outside the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.Many Iraqis have criticized the move as premature.
His second son, Allan Henry Hoover, owned a pair of gators that were occasionally allowed to wander around the White House grounds.It's true.All rights reserved.
Aguilar's ovaries were recently removed and she is getting her latest chemo regimen.He holds up a clear plastic box bearing the label "Cash for Chemotherapy."CNN's Traci Tamura and Gregg Canes contributed to this report.
A fire burns in the Mesohoria area on Evia Island, northeast of Athens.He also announced that a fund has been set up for fire victims and their families, and an assessment of the disaster will be made.E-mail to a friend Journalist Anthee Carassava contributed to this report
Sen. Ted Kennedy's funeral is scheduled for Saturday in Boston, Massachusetts, at the Mission Church.Any arrangements will depend on the family's wishes.CNN's Barbara Starr, John King and Alec Miran contributed to this report.
The episode drew widespread criticism on the Internet after Engadget, an influential tech blog, published news of the gaffe Tuesday.The business Web site CNET.com wrote that the change in models may have been made with the "racially homogeneous" Polish market in mind.CNET is a CNN.com content partner.
Chinese police guard a group of prisoners outside a Beijing court on May 25, 2001, before their sentencing. "The official number of executions is a state secret.CNN's Emily Chang contributed to this report.
The lawyer for former Miss California USA Carrie Prejean, says the ousted beauty queen's good name is "tarnished."I told Carrie she needed to get back to work and honor her contract with the Miss California USA organization, and I gave her the opportunity to do so," Trump said. "Unfortunately, it just doesn't look like it is going to happen, and I offered Keith my full support in making this decision."
Police did not say whether they found anything.It is also the most common anesthetic for colonoscopies, he said.CNN's Danielle Dellorto and Elizabeth Landau in Atlanta, Georgia, and Drew Griffin in Los Angeles, California, contributed to this report.
Portuguese football coach Jose Mourinho caused outcry this week when he substituted Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari due to his low-energy levels -- which were a result of fasting.Muntari is a practicing Muslim who, like many of the same faith around the world, is currently not eating during the hours of daylight to mark the Ramadan holy period.The midfielder is not the only high-profile player who will be fasting, check out Fanzone's First XI of Islamic stars..
The Homestead in Hot Springs, Virginia, meanwhile, advertises treatments suitable for several "generations" of your family, while the Tabacon Grand Spa Thermal Resort in Costa Rica has a family spa bungalow that a family can use for an entire day, scheduling alternating treatments with dips in the river. "As if the massage isn't enough, we luxuriate in a walk-through pool that pummels our legs with jets of water.Copyright 2009 EILEEN OGINTZ, DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES, INC.
Kenya will also create "other reforms and mechanisms such as the Justice, Truth and Reconciliation commission to shed light on the full history of past events and to suggest mechanisms to prevent such crimes in the future," the ICC statement said.During meetings with Moreno-Ocampo in July, a delegation from Kenya said that prosecuting those responsible for the violence was necessary to prevent similar acts ahead of the 2012 election.CNN's David McKenzie contributed to this report.
You are saying you no longer support them.Reach out to your family and friends.' "CNN's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report.
Ousted Honduras leader Jose Manuel Zelaya may be allowed to return to his country under certain conditions.The offer comes two months after Zelaya was seized by the military in his pajamas and forced to leave the country.The United Nations and the European Union also have said that they do not recognize Micheletti's provisional government.
Lubna al-Hussein was told she had trousers considered too tight and a blouse too transparent. "These things have their ups and downs," Adib said. "CNN's Umaro Djau, Talia Kayali and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report.
And he's young and he has energy, and that's it."She literally wears the stars and stripes.A bit like Wonder Woman, really.
I don't want a perfect character, I want a character who has, as strange as it sounds, some humanity, some flaws, some needs.This is Darwin's movie, um Sam Rockwell and Penelope Cruz's movie -- they're the stars.Yes, I like to go for walks in the forest.
While that may have been an error of judgment by the Australian captain, Joseph Burnett, the report accepted that other factors -- which may never be known -- influenced his decision. "More than 300 of the sailors on board the German vessel, the Kormoran, survived.The unanswered questions have haunted the families of those brave sailors and airman that never came home," Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston, the chief of the Australian Defence Force, said in a written statement.
Watch a report on suspects behind the blasts » U.S. Embassy Press Attache Paul Belmont told CNN no U.S. casualties have been confirmed and that the embassy was monitoring the situation closely.That seems to be the epicenter of the bomb." "contributed to this story.
John Travolta's son died of a seizure in January at the age of 16.One of the actor's attorneys, Michael McDermott, took the witness stand Wednesday afternoon and began testimony about a videotaped meeting between him and one of the defendants.The video is expected to be played Thursday for the jury.
Natalie Cole had a kidney transplant in May. "I'm just really, really thankful," she says. "I was very blessed."Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Concern about the H1N1 virus grew after it spread quickly around the globe earlier this year.The results of these studies will help to guide the optimal use of the H1N1 vaccines in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world."CNN's Valerie Willingham and Matt Cherry contributed to this report.
Competitive eaters Joey Chestnut and Takeru Kobayashi take part in an official "staredown."Others contestants were not quite as disconcertingly trim.Fearsome world matzo ball-eating champion Eric "Badlands" Booker tips the scales at 400 pounds.
What's Hawaiian for 'browsing' the Web'?When the translations are completed, we make the product(s) available in that language.We didn't want to send that kind of message so we've worked to make the language more accessible."
The movie is Drew Barrymore's directorial debut (she also plays fellow Hurl Scout Smashley Simpson), and it's clear she's more attuned to grrrlishness than real athletic power: Smashley is the first to scream ''Food fight!''and the 34-year-old actress leads the charge in kidlike mayhem.EW Grade: C+ CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Illegal trade in African elephant ivory is considered to be a major cause of the continuing decline of elephant populations in Africa.The defendants are expected to appear in court in New York on Wednesday.They face jail terms of up to 20 years if convicted.
Hornby: I think sometimes there are.It was the people around him.I can look at the film and take pride in other people's work.
An investigator's report said Michael Jackson's children are doing well with Katherine Jackson as their guardian.Jackson's lawyers have also said a Jackson family member should be included as an executor.Majestik Magnificent later wondered aloud why reporters even give any attention to "crazy" people surrounding the case.
During his exile, which began in the early 1980s, al-Hakim commanded the Badr Brigades, the military wing of the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq.It was once Iraq's most powerful Shiite political party, but ISCI lost much of its influence following elections in January, when politicians allied with al-Maliki won control of most of Iraq's provincial councils.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
Previous Evangelical Lutheran Church policy allows gay and lesbian clergy, lay people to serve only if celibate.Other religious denominations, including Episcopalians and Unitarians, have made moves to accept gay clergy, and Evangelical Lutherans would not be the first to accept those openly in same-sex relationships, said David Masci, a senior researcher at the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life.CNN's Josh Levs contributed to this report.
said Debra Laino, a sex therapist and counselor. " 'It doesn't make you broken," Phillips said. "It doesn't make it so that you can't go on and be -- once you deal with honestly and realistically what you've been through, it doesn't mean that you can't be counted on or you can't be well enough to be a part of the world."
For some businesses, that means bringing out a fighter brand -- a cut-price version of a flagship product, marketed under a new name, and intended to fight back against budget competitors. "Ritson says one element in building a fighter brand is to avoid creating a low-price product that is so attractive that it steals customers who would otherwise be buying that company's premium-brand product.Otherwise you will lose five years and $50 million."
Though hilarious at times, the film's overall story of a world-famous comedian's brush with a terminal illness is decidedly serious.Watch Apatow and Sandler react to a doctor with an accent » Much of the movie's personality can be summarized in one scene in particular in which Sandler and co-star Seth Rogen are sitting in a doctor's office receiving very bad news that they somehow turn into laughter.Sandler and Rogen talked to CNN about what went into creating that scene.
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, right, and officials tour a prison last week in Chino after a riot there.But Steinberg said the measure also would reduce the ratio of parolees to parole officers to 45-to-1.Currently, one parole officer is responsible for about 70 parolees, many of whom commit new crimes and return to custody; the state has a 70 percent recidivism rate.
I don't know which part of the core belief I have demolished," Singh said.Tejpal for one, senses the wounds could keep reopening.And that, he said, "doesn't bode well."
On Thursday, 57 members of the House Progressive Caucus sent a letter to Pelosi and others complaining that the agreement with the Blue Dogs weakened language creating a government-funded health insurance option. "The fate of health care reform also remains uncertain in the Senate, where the Finance Committee recently postponed its long-awaited vote on a bipartisan compromise plan until after the August recess.CNN's Craig Broffman and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report.
Other prizes include a two-year scholarship at the New York Film Academy; a vacation for two in the Bahamas; and a wardrobe, including evening wear, swimsuits and jewelry.The competition involves swimsuit, evening gown and interview phases, which a 12-member panel judged.Miss Dominican Republic, Ada Aimee De La Cruz, was named first runner-up and would assume Fernandez's duties if she couldn't complete her term.
Search parties continue their operation to locate the Yemenia Airbus A310 off the Comoros Islands Saturday. "The crew was made up of six Yemenis, two Moroccans, one Ethiopian, one Filipino and one Indonesian.The Comoros Islands are between the east African country of Tanzania and the island nation of Madagascar.
Growing on the water: San Diego is becoming an increasingly popular super-yacht destination.Outside of the private super-yacht industry, San Diego is also home to the largest shipyard on the west coast of the U.S. -- General Dynamics' National Steel and Shipbuilding Company.That's what makes us different," he said.
A NASA satellite image shows Typhoon Parma as it headed toward the Philippines on Friday.The storm affected nearly 2 million people and forced the evacuation of 567,000.CNN's Eunice Yoon and Pamela Boykoff in Cabantuan City, and Josh Levs in Atlanta contributed to this report.
The commission is asking consumers to stop using the floats and to send them back to the company.Aqua Leisure officials could not be immediately reached for comment, but the company's Web site has posted the commission's recall advisory.CNN's Gerri Willis contributed to this report.
Thousands packed Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro after the city learned it will host the Olympics. "Security and traffic remain enormous challenges to overcome in Rio de Janeiro.But it was all celebration on Friday as crowds continued to stream onto the beach after the announcement was made.
This sculpture at the FDR Memorial in Washington depicts men waiting in a Great Depression bread line.Only suicide went up during economic downturns, they said, citing the recession years 1921, 1932 and 1938, but suicides accounted for less than 2 percent of total deaths.In the three of them, it was the same," he said.
King asked him if he would attend the execution by lethal injection. "But a prosecution expert testified Tuesday that the convicted killer had an IQ of between 80 and 90, about low average. "E-mail to a friend
Tsai Sung Yu holds photos of his mother, brother, sister-in-law and niece who were all killed in the mudslides.Ma said the storm destroyed buildings, homes, roads and farms, causing about NT$100 billion (U.S. $3 billion) in damage.CNN's Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report.
The revamped Hubble telescope captured these images of an impact scar near Jupiter's south pole.The unplanned Jupiter photo shoot will add delays to the recommissioning of Hubble, NASA said.But scientists are at a point in the telescope's reboot where they have enough flexibility to employ Hubble to look at the unexpected astronomical event, they said.
Diane Schuler's minivan was heading the wrong direction as the wreck happened, police said. "Marijuana stays in your system for up to 30 days," he said.He talks about that constantly in my daily conversations with him."
Ray committed suicide in 1998; Letterman offered his condolences on-air to her family.The revelation, which Letterman shared with the audience of the "Late Show," seemed especially shocking given his reputation as the self-deprecating everyman. "A representative for Letterman's company, Worldwide Pants, said, "All the relationships David Letterman was referencing when discussing the matter on the 'Late Show' predated his marriage to Regina" in March.
A mobile health clinic offering free services has drawn thousands of people in Los Angeles in the last week. "But it's a rewarding experience for volunteers when they get to see how much their efforts have been appreciated, he said. "When you see a patient who has had thousands of dollars of free dental care come out of a dental chair and they've got tears in their eyes and hug the dentist and dental assistant, it makes it all worthwhile."
Emblematic examples of this distressing reality are figures like J.S. Tissainayagam in Sri Lanka, or Shi Tao and Hu Jia in China."The Asian Human Rights Commission condemned Monday's sentence as "the most glaring proof of the absence of freedom of expression in Sri Lanka."It called on Sri Lanka and the international community "to condemn the judgment and the sentence in Tissainayagam's case and to call for his unconditional release."
He has been sailing his yacht, TotallyMoney.com, single-handedly, though a support team has been sailing next to him along the way.Perham told CNN how he battled 50-foot waves and 57 mph winds in the Southern Ocean between Australia and Antarctica.He said at one point, a "freak wave" picked up the boat and turned it on its side.
And then "Dangerous" was knocked out of its No.In July 2008, after three years away from the spotlight, Jackson announced a series of concerts at London's O2 Arena as his "curtain call."He is survived by his three children, Prince Michael I, Paris and Prince Michael II.
Bell, who, along with fellow researcher Jim Gemmell, is the author of a new book called "Total Recall," talked with CNN about the advantages and drawbacks of recording one's life in painstaking digital detail.In a way, most of what happens during the day is sort of routine -- what you've done before.It's the ultimate in green, by the way.
The London museum has two other Jackson waxworks -- one in a pose from "Thriller" and another from his "Dangerous" album.The other 10 Jackson waxworks are in other Madame Tussauds museums around the world.The museum said it decided to proceed with the figure after Jackson's death last month "as a tribute to one of the greatest musicians of all time and to celebrate his amazing 40-year career."
Gunther von Hagens' controversial "Body Works" shows have traveled throughout the world.On his Web site, the anatomist describes the exhibition's purpose and goal "to reveal and expose the anatomical structure of the human body and its function, in a unique lesson, and to teach us about the complexity of the human body, its anatomy, and the importance of leading a healthy way of life."Von Hagens justified his actions as "demystifying the post mortem examination," and likened the medical profession to "medieval priests who would not allow ordinary people to read the Bible," The New Scientist reported.
The 2009 DD45 asteroid circles the sun every 18 months, but its path will not threaten this planet at least for the next century, he said.The number of "potentially harmful asteroids" discovered each year has grown dramatically over the past decade as "systematic programs" to scan the skies have been put in place, McNaught said.Nearly 100 new ones have been found in each of the past several years, he said.
Christians in Karachi, Pakistan, on Monday protest the slayings of seven Christians in weekend violence.Bhatti told CNN that four women, two men and a child, all Christians, were either shot to death or killed when their houses were burned.Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report.
The FBI agents informed Nicholson that lying to them was a federal crime and offered him a "mulligan," or a chance to change his story, according to the agent's testimony.At that point, FBI special agent John Cooney testified, Nicholson became more "forthcoming" about his meetings with Russians.If convicted, Jim and Nathaniel Nicholson could face up to 20 years in jail.
3. "It happened with "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire," which featured host Regis Philbin sporting a monochromatic shirt-and-tie look.Later, he launched a line of shirts and ties in the Regis by Van Heusen collection.
So far, Vera is caring for the surviving baby in an exemplary way."One year ago Vera gave birth to Flocke, who became an instant celebrity across Germany.Flocke's first birthday is Thursday.
The company will send a recall notice in the mail over the next few months, the release said.Owners may check their car's recall status by visiting the Honda "Owner Link" Web site at www.owners.honda.com/recalls or the Acura "My Acura" Web site at www.owners.acura.com/recalls. "Only certain vehicles are affected, and concerned owners of 2001-2002 Accords, 2001 Civics and 2002-2003 Acura TLs are encouraged to wait to receive a recall notice in the mail before scheduling an appointment with their local dealer," the company said.
Iraqi police block entrances to Camp Ashraf in Diyala province on July 29.Four people were wounded in the eastern neighborhood of Kamaliya neighborhood, and three people were wounded in the southwestern neighborhood of I'lam neighborhood.CNN's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report.
Aubrey Opdyke was put into a medically induced coma to give the baby as much oxygen as possible.But, he said, now that Aubrey Opdyke is no longer pregnant, she will be able to fight for her own life.The CDC's advisory committee will meet later this month to make recommendations on at-risk groups who should receive the new vaccine.
Ahmed had traveled from Minneapolis.All that could be heard was a quick sentence. "That's what she said, and that's what I believe."
He had Darvocet, a narcotic painkiller, and marijuana in a pill bottle in the center console of his car, according to the arrest warrant.He stopped short of naming him a suspect in the deaths. "CNN's Sean Callebs contributed to this report.
It is hoped that the Pelamis Wave Energy Converters will provide energy for 15,000 homes.A few years ago when I was talking about a 500-kilowatt Wavegen machine, I was asked by a reporter how many of these we would need to replace the two nuclear power stations in Scotland, and the answer is 10,000.That puts things into perspective."
I had a face most people at least considered attractive, maybe even beautiful.What makes you feel beautiful?Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Sixteen-year-old Jessica Watson of Australia plans to sail solo around the world Jessica Watson, of Mooloolaba, Queensland, plans to set out on a solo round-the-world sailing mission in November -- and hopes to become the youngest person to ever sail non-stop around the world alone.She said her life is primarily geared towards the challenge this year. "It might take a little bit longer to finish school... this puts everything else on hold."
But some security experts believe that replacing the customs agents will not resolve the problem of corruption. "It's been perfectly demonstrated that that changing people can be absolutely futile if the structures keep functioning the same way," said Ernesto Lopez Portillo, executive director of the Institute for Security and Democracy. "Because the structures, the protocols, the systems are what allow people to comply with regulations."
600 square meters of solar panels and three giant "wings" mean "Soliloquy" can run on wind energy or solar power. "There are hundreds of extremely rich families who invest in green technology and until now have not wanted to buy yachts because they produce too many carbon emissions," he said. "But with a yacht like Soliloquy, I think they may consider it."
A diverticular bleed often begins suddenly and may stop on its own."Graham's wife, Ruth Bell Graham, died in June.E-mail to a friend
Hong Kong is one of the most densely populated places on the planet, but its bustling streets are easy to navigate, helped by the affordable and plentiful taxis and an efficient public transport system.What are your tips for getting the most out of the city?Use the Sound Off box below and have your say.
Residents paddle boats through the streets of Santa Cruz, south of Manila.The storm affected nearly 2 million people.CNN's Eunice Yoon and Pamela Boykoff in Cabantuan City, and Josh Levs in Atlanta contributed to this report.
A premature baby rests at a hospital in Kabul, Afghanistan, in October 2007.While doctors know some of the health and behavior factors in mothers that increase the risk of preterm births, doctors have yet to identify a reliable remedy to prevent early labor, said Christopher Howson, vice president for global programs of the March of Dimes. "While much can be done right now to reduce death and disability from preterm birth even in low-resource settings, we need to know more about the underlying causes of premature birth in order to develop effective prevention strategies," Howson said.
Ortega said the storm washed a Jet Ski out of the garage and dumped it about five blocks away.He went to Dallas, where he was up all night telling his friends what had happened and what to expect when they get back. "It's hard to tell people that there's not much to go back to," he said.
An arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Alexander Jenkins, wanted in the death of Jasmine Fiore.51 Minds is investigating what went wrong and taking steps to ensure that this sort of lapse never occurs again."CNN's Paul Vercammen contributed to this story.
Meanwhile, a new tropical storm was forming in the Atlantic Ocean.Lines at supermarkets were long with worried residents preparing for the storms, Morgan said.Authorities were setting up shelters in schools and trying to devise a plan to protect the homeless, he added.
The public needs to comply with these health messages, and everyone needs to be able to recognize symptoms early and get timely medical care, he said. "We will only be safe when we have applied these lessons in every country dealing with this virus," Shin said. "We need to learn quickly since, as I believe, it appears that this pandemic will get worse before the situation gets better."
She says its high sugar content, low water content and low pH are all factors.Additionally, some honey produces hydrogen peroxide, which can kill bacteria.Since 2004, Britain's National Health Service has licensed the use of manuka-honey wound dressings and sterilized medical grade manuka-honey creams.
People traveled from all over the United States to attend the Capitol Hill event, organizer Abdul Malik said. "America represents, still, a beacon of hope," he said.The time has come for the American public to call Islam to account," he said.
Westerners are more accustomed to names that describe the ingredients and how they are cooked.The government has put down more than 2,000 proposed names in a 170-page book that it has offered to Beijing hotels, according to state media. "It turns a menu into the equivalent of plain rice, which has the necessary nutrients but is devoid of flavor."
People gather around the wreckage of a plane that struck a building in the Kenyan capital of Nairobi on Saturday.The crash is under investigation.CNN's Ben Brumfield contributed to this story.
Philippe Senderos is seeking to leave Arsenal to keep his World Cup hopes alive.Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has a wealth of central defensive resources despite selling Toure to City last month, having brought in Belgium international Thomas Vermaelen from Ajax in June.William Gallas, Johan Djourou, Mikael Silvestre and Alex Song are also competing for first-team places.
The number of naturalized citizens in the U.S. increased, partly attributed to voter drives for the 2008 election.Naturalizations grew at a record pace between 2006 and 2008, with a total of 2.4 million immigrants becoming new citizens in the United States," according to a DHS statement.A significant fee increase imposed in 2007 for naturalization applications and an awareness of citizenship brought on during voter registration drives for the 2008 election help explain the increase, Mittelstadt said.
At Bengies, each night is a double feature, so guests can see at least two movies for $8 a person.They set up their chairs, and some sit in their classic cars to enjoy the show.It's an experience Vogel hopes to keep around for generations to come.
The couple divorced three years later and Yeoh resumed her film career in 1992 in the Jackie Chan smash-hit "Police Story 3."I look at the scripts and you can understand where the story is going... but it's a director with a vision that brings it to life," she said. "And then afterwards, the right face, the right demeanor, and the right chemistry."
Eduardo Arellano-Felix was arrested in Tijuana, Mexico, on Saturday.The brothers were on the top of the DEA's Most Wanted List, carrying rewards of $5 million dollars for their capture.Arellano-Felix] was the foundation."
Blackwater founder Erik Prince, shown here before a congressional panel in 2007, recently left the company.Earlier this year, five former Blackwater security guards pleaded not guilty to federal charges of manslaughter and other serious crimes stemming from a September 16, 2007, shooting.Their trial is set for February 2010.
Wesley Snipes was acquitted of the most serious charges against him.The IRS is also seeking repayment of all taxes and interest through civil court proceedings.E-mail to a friend
Medalist Sarah Hughes says the Games are about excellence and unity.Let the Games begin.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sarah Hughes.
James Crowley.The night before I went to the White House, I had a dream that I got arrested in the White House," he said.Then he joked, "But it's cool; I was OK."
Fred Armisen played Barack Obama in a talked-about sketch Saturday night on "Saturday Night Live."We're not, you know, we're not putting on anything that we don't believe is funny."In some ways," Thompson said, "he's vulnerable to more serious damage."
Bastl, who only got into the tournament as a lucky loser after failing to qualify, beat the American in five sets.1.Vladimir Voltchkov makes 2000 Wimbledon semi-final The Belarussian was ranked 237 when he managed to make it through to the semi-finals of Wimbledon -- becoming the lowest-ranked player to ever make the last four at the London tournament.
See how China has changed over 60 years » "The party was a rag tag organization you might say," said David Shambaugh, a visiting fellow at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and political science professor at George Washington University. "In the Communist society, everything is fair in economics, in politics, in education.Their generation may determine whether the Communist Party is still China's one and only ruling party 60 years from now.
Air carriers have figured out a way to quadruple the price of a ticket depending on the time you bought it.When I dropped off the rental, a representative said the computer system was down.Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT, DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES, INC.
The bomb exploded in the center of Kabul on the corner of Passport Lane and the Indian Embassy.The bomb went off about 8:30 a.m., just as offices and shops were opening for the day.CNN's Atia Abawi and Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report.
The wreckage of a plane that collided with a helicopter is lifted on August 11 from the Hudson River.the Newark controller is heard saying.The FAA released the recording after a request from The Associated Press citing the Freedom of Information Act.
Dyson is the most celebrated UK inventor, famous for the bagless vacuum cleaner.Extraordinarily enlightened.The batteries are being recharged in China currently having been tested into submission, but when they come back I'm hoping for a test drive.
Videotape allegedly shows an unidentified police officer assaulting student Marshawn Pitts, 15.In a written statement, Guy Lindsay, internal information officer for Dolton police, said the department was made aware of the incident and the tape on May 20.CNN's Monica Trevino and Kara Devlin contributed to this report
When he came to the national team, after the Roma game, he told us what had happened and he told us that without the medicine that contained cortisone he would have had a reaction, an anaphylactic shock," Castellacci said. "We asked Juventus for all the necessary documents regarding the medicine taken by Cannavaro and all the communication is in our possession."Cannavaro will not travel to Dublin for Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Ireland as he serves a one-match ban, but is expected to lead the Azzurri in Wednesday's qualifier against Cyprus in Parma.
McDonald's burgers and fries will be available under the glass pyramid of the Louvre.The menu will also very likely stay the same. "McDonald's functions the same way in all of France, so there will probably be no special menus," the spokeswoman said.
The Federal Commission against Racism said the posters defame Switzerland's peaceful Muslim population.Under party leader Christoph Blocher they went on to win the biggest share of the vote in the 200-member parliament, taking 55 seats.Earlier this year they issued a poster depicting crows pecking at a map of Switzerland, as the country prepared to vote on whether to support an extension of a free movement of labor deal with the European Union which would include new members, Bulgaria and Romania.
Steven Spader, 17, is accused of using a machete to kill a woman and injure her daughter. "They were pretty close to her." "A probable cause hearing for the suspects will be held October 20.
The order does not cover the Green Zone, which houses Iraqi government buildings and the U.S. Embassy, or military installations, government institutions, hotels or some private companies.The order came after meeting Wednesday with high-ranking security officials, according to the command.Iraqi forces are now calling the shots on issues related to security in their homeland since June 30, the date U.S. combat troops were mandated to leave Iraqi cities and towns pursuant to a joint security agreement.
He's so meticulous," author Max Brooks said of "Recorded Attacks" illustrator Ibraim Roberson: "The Zombie Survival Guide: Recorded Attacks," the latest in the series of zombie chronicles by author Max Brooks, is a graphic novel that looks at the undead menace throughout history. "He's head and shoulders above most people illustrating today," Brooks said. "They're up-close and personal stories for G.I. Joe and Cobra characters."
Gradually, Wallace alleges, Harris-Moore moved onto more sophisticated crimes. "He's almost like a feral child," Wallace said.Police rode in the delivery car to the house and waited for Harris-Moore to come to them.
Michael Smith appeals a conviction for the torture of detainees once held at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.If I could, I would."Smith did not specifically express regret for the wrongdoing involving detainees.
George Lucas says he was "completely surprised" by "Star Wars in Concert."I was completely surprised by it.And I've seen other live orchestra performances with "Star Wars" images, but nothing like this -- I mean this really works, because it was edited specifically to bring out the emotion.
A "surprised and humbled" Obama said he would accept the Nobel peace prize as a "call to action."But some fear that America's conservatives will take it as a sign of weakness and become more obstructive to Obama's aims.Meanwhile, others are wondering: "What on earth will they give him when he does have a real achievement to point to?"
Didier Drogba scored for Ivory Coast as they drew 1-1 with Malawi to book their place at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.Eric Mouloungou and Daniel Cousin gave Gabon a three-goal lead before Adel Taarabt pulled one back for Morocco with a late consolation.Paul Le Guen's Cameroon side, who had looked doubtful to qualify when he took over, are in pole position at the top of the group with 10 points ahead of Gabon on nine, Togo on five and Morocco with three.
The second man who returned for his vehicle was arrested after police found eight $100 counterfeit bills inside, according to the officer.Way broke into the music scene two years ago with his hit "Crank That (Soulja Boy)."The rapper also describes himself as a producer and entrepreneur.
All of those on trial in Iran -- who include Iranian journalists and supporters of the opposition -- have been charged for their alleged roles in protests that followed last month's disputed presidential election.The June 12 election gave President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a second term in office, but it also sparked a massive opposition movement that has regularly protested against the Iranian leadership and has shaken the foundation of Iran's Islamic theocracy.Those on trial will be placed into three categories, according to Fars: the "plotters, intriguers, and planners of the riots"; "the antagonists and those affiliated to foreign services"; and "the opportunists, hooligans, and hoodlums who set ablaze, or destroyed private and public properties, and those that have had hands in disturbing public security."
And in Mexico that story is the fight for the right to meet U.S. demand for illegal drugs -- a war becoming more violent and ruthless, mostly because of one group.1 organization responsible for the majority of the homicides, the narcotic-related homicides, the beheadings, the kidnappings, the extortions that take place in Mexico," said Ralph Reyes, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency's chief for Mexico and Central America.U.S. officials have said there are many more like him.
he must have exclaimed.Say he's honored but he hasn't had the time yet to accomplish what he wants to accomplish."The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Feehery.
The result has been a groundswell of interest rivaling that of big-budget films.Watching it with 250 strangers in a movie theater and getting everybody to jump at the same time definitely has an effect," he said. "It's the event film right now of the year, which is something that needs to be experienced."
We tried to stop them as they were coming down the hill.... We were taking fire pretty much the entire day," he said in the Defense Department interview.Fire support officer 1st Lt.They all pulled together to make sure that we can pull our boys out of this."
Delays are going to get worse, study co-author Adie Tomer said. "Though the percentage of delayed U.S. flights has dipped recently because fewer planes are flying during the recession, there's been a 20-year trend of increasing delays, and the increases should continue once economic growth returns, a study released Thursday by the Brookings Institution said.CNN's Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report.
Outside vendors and technicians will handshake with everyone present when they enter or leave an office.Contrast this to the Japanese practice of giving fewer handshakes, still, in favor of polite bows of the head.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Givens.
She was 91.In a nod to Suzman's tenacity and legendary sense of humor, the Helen Suzman Foundation Web site writes that one "honor" Suzman was "inordinately proud" of was being declared an "Enemy of the State" by Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe in 2001.Suzman's family has said that there will be a private funeral this weekend, to be followed by a memorial service in February.
Mable Randon, who has stage 4 cancer, was denied help paying for electricity, which she needs to power her oxygen tank.But the company can do nothing since they don't bill Randon.CNN's Divina Mims contributed to this report.
Stuart Milk, nephew of Harvey Milk, sits next to a photo of the gay rights activist in March. "The bill "mandates nothing," he said, although it "affords an educational opportunity."President Obama posthumously honored Milk with a Presidential Medal of Freedom this year, and Sean Penn portrayed him in the 2008 film "Milk," for which he received an Oscar for best actor.
iReport.com: Were you there?Investigators are trying to establish the facts of the crash but won't determine the probable cause for some time, Hersman said.CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
A close up X-ray view of a cigarette smoker's lungs.Despite radiotherapy, Millington died on February 8, 2008, at his family home near Stoke-on-Trent, in Staffordshire.North Staffordshire coroner Ian Smith recorded that Millington, had died of "complications of transplant surgery and immuno-suppressive drug treatment."
The law also targets media outlets who purchase the photos.Violators face fines up to $50,000.The anti-paparazzi amendment takes effect in January.
Ed Kashi has documented the impact oil has made on the Niger Delta in Africa.Further exhibitions are planned in Greece and Dubai and the Netherlands.If you can't attend the exhibitions, there is a book entitled "Earth," published by teNeues which showcases the work of all Prix Pictet nominees.
The man in the Hawaiian shirt once embodied all of those things, before these children were born.Ali's family members and friends said it would be all right for the father to take some photos, so he did.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene.
Among the most salient of China's Internet start-ups are those that innovated on proven Western models by successfully adapting them to the Chinese market.Tencent is now the largest Internet company in China. "As the "Great Intranet" continues to expand and evolve, China continues to explore the fragile balance between censorship and control, and enterprise and innovation.
The landslide covered up to a half-mile of Washington state Route 410 with rock up to 30 feet deep. "They're out there kicking bootie today," he said of the repair crews. "It's pretty amazing to see government moving that fast."
They're worried.But O'Connor points out that South Carolina tends to be more conservative than other states, and Wilson's town halls were generally civil. "To independent voters out there, this just underscored the notion that you've got a party that is unremittingly hostile to the president that has no interest in negotiating or finding common ground."
Get paid: $81,550 6.Get paid: $81,470 5.The information contained in this article may not be published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
We urge the federal government to consider four criteria when creating new programs or grants for states and districts to help transform an outdated educational system into one fit for the 21st Century.When the federal government directs future funds toward education, having these principles in place will go a long way toward making sure we're not simply charging education, but that we have a fighting chance of changing it.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clayton Christensen and Michael Horn.
Facebook originated at Harvard University and was limited at first to students at approved colleges before opening itself to the public in September 2006.By contrast, Mancini said, "Facebook [use] goes off the charts in the upscale suburbs," driven by a demographic that for Nielsen is represented by white or Asian married couples between the ages of 45-64 with kids and high levels of education.If you live in the middle of nowhere or you live in a city, you can follow anyone about anything."
Bernice King and her brother Martin Luther King III say Dexter King took funds from their father's estate.He alone can constitute a quorum for transacting business, the order says.The judge warned all three Kings that any failure to comply with the Georgia Corporation Code could result in the dissolution of the corporation and the appointment of a receiver.
That shuttle funding was to be used instead for NASA's next great endeavor -- the Constellation Program, which would take astronauts back to the moon.Until a new space vehicle is ready to fly, the U.S. will have to hitch a ride on Russia's Soyuz capsule.Observers should find out soon whether the hope of groundbreaking science is enough for Obama to keep the space station aloft.
T.I. performed to a packed crowd Sunday, days before he was to start a prison term.You shouldn't take the things that I've gone through, and the negative parts of my life, and admire me for that.If anything, admire me for how I've accepted responsibility for the part I played in placing myself in these situations, and what I've done to recover from it," Harris said.
I know of nothing in this case that would suggest that there is any credible claim of innocence or that there was anything procedurally wrong with the prosecution," Kaine said.Under Virginia law, condemned prisoners can choose to die by electric chair or by lethal injection.If the inmate does not state a preference, he or she is executed by lethal injection.
Gotbaum, who was flying through Phoenix on her way to Tucson, became angry when she was denied access to her flight and argued with a gate attendant, police said.We believe she may have been drinking," Manning said.E-mail to a friend
Their average age was 44 years old, and 54 of 58 patients needed mechanical ventilation.Health.com: 8 ways swine flu is changing society "These studies provide important signals about what clinicians and hospitals may confront in the coming months," Dr. Douglas B. White, and Dr. Derek C. Angus, of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, write in an editorial accompanying the new studies.Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009
Carla Hughes met the victim's fiance at the middle school where she was a teacher.He said that the person portrayed by prosecutors as a cold-blooded killer was completely different from the accomplished honors student, equestrian and beauty pageant contestant that he knew and loved.In Session's Jean Casarez contributed to this report.
He dragged her from the car into the woods and threw her to the ground," according to the court documents.He stripped her naked and put a knife to her throat.With determination and by using your voice to speak out, you are capable of anything."
The group says it only works with organizations that are legal in the Palestinian territories and allowed to operate by the Israeli government.The Israeli government began building the barrier in 2002, about two years after renewed violence erupted in Israel, the West Bank and Gaza.In the letter, Esack compares the situation in the Palestinian territories to South Africa under apartheid, the Web site says.
After a stint with CBS News -- including five years as a "60 Minutes" correspondent -- Sawyer joined ABC News in 1989.She worked on news magazines for ABC -- including "Primetime Live" and "20/20" -- before being assigned to co-host "Good Morning America" with Gibson in 1999.CNN's Albert Lewintinn contributed to this report.
The Heene family appeared on two episodes of ABC's "Wife Swap."According to the newscast, the family track 30 to 40 weather activities a year.What appears to be the three Heene boys are featured in a YouTube rap music video that seems to spoof overprotective parents.
We were surprised to see the extent of the lesion in her brain, which basically took away the left side of her brain," said Grafman. "There wasn't a group to turn to," said Carol Mack. "CNN's Campbell Brown contributed to this report.
The FBI wants to speak with these two men seen on a ferry in Washington state earlier this summer.Some news organizations have refused to publish the photos, saying the men have not been accused of a crime.E-mail to a friend CNN Homeland Security correspondent Jeanne Meserve and senior producer Carol Cratty contributed to this report.
Sadly, this has become part of the process in the fight to regain security in the cities," Reyes Ferriz said.Asked whether he feared for his life or those of his family, he would not say. "All the fears of a public servant are private," he answered.
Without their voices, the health care reform debate will continue to be stalled and hemmed in by older Americans who are in a better economic position than young people and who are afraid to change the status quo, despite all signs that it is rapidly failing.And time is running out.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Erica Williams.
U.S. Marshals director John F. Clark says unregistered sex offenders were a major target.Jackson was jailed on $10 million bond.He has not entered a plea on the murder charge, but his father, Willie James Jackson, told CNN affiliate WJW the police have the wrong man.
He brought it home, where he found it was in perfect working order.It's like giving the kids new life," he said. "Check out the Help Kenya Project and see how to help.
Richard and Mayumi Heene leave the Larimer County Sheriff's Office Saturday. "I was talking to the sheriff's department just now to further things along," Richard Heene told reporters outside the building. "Earlier, the sheriff told reporters his department contacted child protection officials but asked them not to contact the family until investigators had a chance to re-interview them.
Ex-President George H.W. Bush and Defense Secretary Robert Gates smile during Obama's speech Friday.Points of Light Institute CEO Michelle Nunn, however, praised the legislation for encouraging people to "volunteer their time and talents to positively impact the nation's largest problems."CNN's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
Watch wrecked cars at the intersection » Phelps won a record eight gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China.Earlier this year, he was suspended from organized competitive swimming after a photo of him holding a bong -- a device commonly used to smoke marijuana -- surfaced in February.CNN's Scott Spoerry contributed to this report.
Dale Brehm.All these people who lost their lives," Fowler said, "and we just walk by like it's nothing.I am 4 years old, and I miss you and love you very much, Grant."
Several Republicans, however, bucked party leadership by voting in favor of Sotomayor.Judge Sotomayor is not the nominee I would have selected if I were president, but making a nomination is not my role here today," Voinovich said. "CNN's Lisa Desjardins, Kristi Keck and Bill Mears contributed to this report.
Knox was criticized in newspapers and tabloids around the world for her demeanor after the killing, which included photos of her and Sollecito comforting each other as crime scene investigators looked for clues in her house.You know, she's very much a person who internalizes," Mellas said. "I mean, that's -- that's what we have to believe."
comment, for instance?An in-depth analysis of America's health system.@ThisAmericanLife http://ow.ly/u0JX
Andy Roddick played left-handed against Sam Branson and still won.Cause, uh, he was a dad.TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Ray is widely known for programs that claim to teach individuals how to create wealth from all aspects of their lives -- financially, mentally, physically and spiritually.He has appeared on various national programs, including CNN's "Larry King Live."CNN's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.
Nadya Suleman gave birth to eight babies after being implanted with six embryos by Dr. Michael Kamrava.Suleman and her children will star in a "quasi-reality TV series" about the family, it was announced in June.CNN's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report.
Witnesses said Davis, then 19, and two others were harassing a homeless man in a Burger King restaurant parking lot when the off-duty officer arrived to help the man.But since his 1991 conviction, seven of the nine witnesses against him have recanted their testimony.Other supporters include celebrities Susan Sarandon and Harry Belafonte; world leaders such as former President Jimmy Carter and former Archbishop Desmond Tutu; and former and current U.S. lawmakers Bob Barr, Carol Moseley Braun and John Lewis.
Jesse Jackson says ceremony to name him a prince of the Agni people was "very exciting."The sanctions, renewed last year, are in effect until October 29.The statement said more than 5.7 million people had been enrolled as voters on a "preliminary basis."
To counter the rebels, Arab militias with ties to the Sudanese government went from village to village in Darfur, killing, torturing and raping residents there, according to the United Nations, Western governments and human rights organizations.The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength.CNN's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report
According to him, nothing in life could be proven except one's thoughts.Sometimes, the tag refers to a pariah, a ne'er-do-well, a killjoy, or an interloper, but it's always subjective.All rights reserved.
Bean") in the London stage show "The Nerd" in 1984, followed by two British TV miniseries.a rival studio executive asked Entertainment Weekly. "We're fortunate that it's easy for us to disappear inside our characters," he said.
In Chongqing, police operations started in June, leading to the arrest of over 4,800 suspected gangsters and the confiscation of 1,700 illegal firearms.Over the years, thanks of the influx of corporate investments and central government funding in infrastructure projects, the city of 31 million has become a center of an economic boom.We cannot speak of a harmonious society unless the people are treated equally before the law."
In every town we visited we met complete strangers who offered us help, welcomed us into their homes and provided us with hot showers and food.Bergs begin as snow falling on land, which is then compressed into ice.But Halifax is in sight, and we can get some comfort from our accomplishment of completing the Northwest Passage.
Her memoir, "Infidel," published in 2007, recounts her decision to denounce Islam and become an atheist, and her transformation, she says, from "the world of faith to the world of reason."Ayaan was named one of Time Magazine's "100 Most Influential People of 2005," one of the Glamour Heroes of 2005, and Reader's Digest's "European of the Year."She has also received Norway's Human Rights Service's Bellwether of the Year Award, the Danish Freedom Prize, the Swedish Democracy Prize, and the Moral Courage Award for commitment to conflict resolution, ethics, and world citizenship.
The United Nations found that Afghanistan may be supplying more heroin to the United States and Canada than had been suspected.A third possibility, he said, would be to view Afghanistan as essentially a red-light zone of global opium production and to think about the solution as a vice-control challenge, "which means acknowledge that Afghanistan is going to continue to be the world's supplier of illegal opium for the foreseeable future and then focus on manipulating and regulating the market participants, even though it is still illegal."He added, "That, I think, is in some respects the de facto strategy, even though it cannot be stated openly, for political reasons."
Musk ox in the Arctic check the spread of shrubs to the High Arctic, but promote grass growth.With less snow cover and a longer growing season, these non-migratory reindeer have taken advantage of the increased plant abundance, with the result that reindeer populations and their ability to reproduce are up, while mortality is down.These species may be headed for extinction, said the report.
The height of these storms also can tower to more than 10 miles in the air.On the flip side, air is steered from the southeast by high pressure in the Southern Hemisphere.The term "monsoon" refers to a seasonal reversal of winds.
This is simply the most beautiful place I've ever seen.On this remote but enormous island subsistence whale hunting is allowed.And we met independent scientists who believe the world must act boldly to slow down change that science is struggling to keep pace with.
Can't see me now: Climate change could be shrinking Soay sheep in Scotland.They selected body size because it is a heritable trait, and because the sheep have, on average, been decreasing in size for the last 25 years.Unfortunately it is too early to tell whether a warming world will lead to pocket-sized sheep," said Coulson.
There aren't enough ecologists to be making all of these different plant observations."At a time when climate change and urbanization are poised to set off a new wave of extinction, some members of the scientific community are turning toward backyard biologists for the data they need to monitor ecosystems and protect struggling species.There are so many problems in the world, but I think the main problem is that everybody is worried about everybody else's problems that they don't focus in on their little areas," she said.
Watch Lawton's oasis in the desert » In Argentinean Patagonia, CNN's Brian Byrnes speaks with Douglas Tompkins, the environmentalist and founder of The North Face clothing company.He is the biggest private land owner in Chile and is advancing conservation initiatives in the southern tip of the South American continent.CNN's Brian Byrnes reports from Argentina » And reporting from Texas, CNN correspondent Ed Lavandera takes viewers on a tour of the laboratories of Pliny Fisk, an American engineer who is paving the way for more environmentally friendly structures.
The medicine award was handed out on Monday.The prizes for chemistry and literature will be awarded Wednesday and Thursday.The Nobel Peace Prize winner will be named on Friday, and the award in economics will be issued on Monday.
U.S. researcher Thomas Steitz is one of three scientists sharing the 2009 Nobel Prize in chemistry.In a bacterial strain, antibiotics bind to the ribosomes, preventing them from making the proteins the bacteria need to survive.The prize for literature will be awarded Thursday; the Nobel Peace Prize winner will be named on Friday, and the award in economics will be issued on Monday.
Ed Kashi has documented the impact oil has made on the Niger Delta in Africa.Further exhibitions are planned in Greece and Dubai and the Netherlands.If you can't attend the exhibitions, there is a book entitled "Earth," published by teNeues which showcases the work of all Prix Pictet nominees.
Quran condemns abusive behavior of women," she said, noting that the prophet Mohammed was never known to have abused women. "Robina understood the cultural nuances... the religious issues," Iqbal said.Check out Turning Point for Women and Families and see how to help.
The Sydney Harbour Bridge is seen on Wednesday in Sydney, Australia.It should make its way up into the Sunshine Coast and into those Capricornia and central coast areas soon," he said. "For the south-east expect it to probably linger for the rest of today and hopefully settle out of the air overnight."
Within two or three years you can see a system that is really something that's got great opportunities and possibilities," he said.Nature exists in an incredibly rich form, and enriching form and does so without any energy inputs from mankind," Lawton explains. "It's not just self-reliance or self-sufficiency, it's absolute abundance."
President Obama and his national security team meet in the White House Situation Room on Wednesday.A total of 65,000 U.S. soldiers are currently serving in the war-torn country.CNN's Richard Greene and Adam Levine contributed to this report.
Elizabeth Edwards, the wife of former Sen. John Edwards, and actress Susan St. James will also be on the panel, conference spokeswoman Marissa Moss said.Both women have mourned the loss of sons.The Women's Conference will be in Long Beach, California, in late October, according to its Web site.
The Academy refused his refusal. "He was given the award posthumously in 1931.All rights reserved.
Economists expect GDP to continue modest growth through the rest of the year, especially with an expected rebound in global auto sales this quarter.But whether the recovery can continue into the new year after the stimulus package runs its course remains a question. "Japan's economy still is quite sensitive to global demand... and for consumer demand to grow on a self-sustained basis still seems unlikely," Shirakawa said.
In your opinion, should people care about the issue of shark finning?How would you address the issue?What challenges do you think you would have to face?
Chefs in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, try in September to set a record with a tub of Quaker soup, made with Quaker oats.The unusual pursuits unfold worldwide as part of Guinness World Records Day.But keep count of the rotations: You could be a contender next year.
All three collapsed near the end of the race, he said.Witnesses describe scene » The weather at the time was overcast, Roach said, with temperatures in the low 40s.CNN's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report.
All Nippon Airways is asking passengers to use the restroom before flying to reduce weight.In true Japanese fashion, the encouragement to eliminate is more suggested than explicit.This week, ANA's stock price hit a 52-week low in trading Wednesday.
But I think with this kind of experience, it will be possible at South Africa 2010 to do much better.Perhaps we can make the quarterfinals and then semifinals, this is something we can achieve."Coach Vahid Halilhodzic is also upbeat after seeing his side fight back from a goal down against Malawi to top African Group E. "We are very proud to participate in the World Cup for the second consecutive time and this time it is going to be better," he added.
In other Tour de France news, organizers have barred former world champion Tom Boonen from competing in this year's race.The Belgian, who won Parix-Roubaix for the third time this year, tested positive for cocaine in April.His Quick Step team said on Friday that they would consider legal action to challenge the decision.
Rafael Pérez-Escamilla, a nutrition and public health professor with the University of Connecticut, wrote in the June 2009 issue of Journal of the American Diabetic Association that adaptation to U.S. society may explain, to some degree, "deterioration of dietary quality" and the risks of diabetes and other chronic diseases.Experts agree it is an uphill battle to solve. "It gets hard because you have to be an example."
Pierre Balthazard is using EEG to find out what parts of the brain are involved in leadership.If the brain isn't performing correctly, there is a negative reinforcement, such as a noise emitted from a speaker at an unpleasant frequency. "If that happens, budding CEOs might be queuing up at neurotherapists to plug themselves in and turn themselves into the business brains of the future.
The alleged illicit behavior outlined in the complaint did not stop at drug use and extravagant spending.Madoff was fond of escorts and masseuses, and used money stolen from investors to pay them, according to the complaint.But he told me he knew he would die in prison."
The FBI says Semion Mogilevich has been involved in arms trafficking, prostitution, extortion and murder for hire.There were no magnets," Dixon said.The FBI hopes Mogilevich will eventually travel to a country that has an extradition treaty with the U.S. But, in case he doesn't, his wanted poster will be distributed all over Russia.
The FAA said there were 12 serious incursions in 2009 and 25 in 2008.Only two of the serious incursions involved commercial airliners in 2009, compared with nine in 2008.The FAA defines a serious incursion as one in which a collision is narrowly avoided, or there was a significant potential for collision that resulted in the need to take quick corrective action.
This issue was such a serious issue, it calls for more than putting out an angry song about it."So Cold," a ballad with lyrics that sound suspiciously autobiographical, was leaked onto the Internet yesterday, as Brown's Twitter page confirms.Nonetheless, the artist does plan to keep it on the upcoming album "Graffiti," which has an undetermined release date.
TOOBIN: Well, what they often do, which was not done here, is use tape recordings or video so the jury can see how anxious the defendant was to commit the crime.TOOBIN: The key concept with entrapment is the idea of predisposition.E-mail to a friend
I didn't think we were going to make it," said Josh, 12.They warmed their feet inside each other's shirts to help stave off frostbite. "E-mail to a friend
President Obama has said the country must make significant changes to ensure equal rights.Watch survivor of attack discuss legislation » "The passage of this legislation will give the Justice Department and our state and local law enforcement partners the tools we need to deter and prosecute these acts of violence," he said in a statement.The FBI, Holder added, reported 7,624 hate-crime incidents in 2007, the most current year with complete data.
At the upper level of management, business is still dominated by men.The results are sobering for a corporate sector which may have assumed that people would be grateful to have a job and wouldn't necessarily be exploring other options," she said. "For companies to rest on their laurels and assume they don't need to worry about retention is a mistake."
Members of Islamist militia Al-Shaabab patrol Bakara Market in Mogadishu, Somalia, earlier this month.However, AMISOM denied any involvement in the incident.Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report.
Authorities look through seized property after a drug raid at a house near Atlanta, Georgia, on Wednesday.Authorities said the arrests made Wednesday and Thursday occurred in California, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Washington.During that time, agents seized $32.8 million in U.S. currency, and about 1,225 kilograms (2,700 pounds) of methamphetamine, 2,000 kilograms (4,409 pounds) of cocaine, 13 kilograms (29 pounds) of heroin and more than 8 tons (7,200 kilograms) of marijuana.
The teen has recalled an excerpt from the fantasy novel "Fool's Fate" by Robin Hobb. "Children's Services said the girl recently wrote down the name "Amber" and has responded to it on one occasion, but she has no idea whether it is her true name.New York City Administration for Children's Services and police are asking anyone with information about the young woman or her family to contact the NYPD Missing Persons Squad at 212-694-7781 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-577-TIPS.
One interested group is the Traditional Anglican Communion, an association of churches that is separate from the Anglican Communion and has hundreds of thousands of members worldwide.The Catholic Church is responding to the many requests that have been submitted to the Holy See from groups of Anglican clergy and faithful in different parts of the world who wish to enter into full visible communion," Levada said.CNN's Hada Messia and Jason Hanna contributed to this report.
The most important thing he taught him in life though, he told CNN, was "respect for other people.It was a normal family, a healthy family."CNN's Hada Messia contributed to this story.
Songwriter Joe Brooks is best known for writing "You Light Up My Life" and directing the movie.Hoffman said he is looking forward to proving his client's innocence. "All I can say is, my client is anxious to clear his name of these false charges," he added.
Some women arrive here voluntarily.Some treatment providers and advocacy experts say this ruling opened the door for prosecutors to charge pregnant women. "I am doing this for me."
Josephine Ross was the first victim.One, however, came in June, when two police officers confronted a burglar near the Degnan home.He is not innocent by any stretch, no matter how they twist it."
Sagal: Well, I've always been a maternal type, but yes, everything was different once I had kids.Sagal: Most of the time it's super great.TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Several other trains that go through the Mathura station had to be diverted.Trains are the most widely used mode of transportation for national travel in India.CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh in New Delhi contributed to this report.
Police say a CNN viewer in Maryland identified the young woman, who mysteriously turned up in Manhattan two weeks ago, claiming to have no memory of her family, her home or even her own name.According to its Web site, "Covenant House New York is the nation's largest adolescent care agency serving homeless, runaway and at-risk youth."Evan Buxbaum, Susan Candiotti and Vanessa Juarez contributed to the report.
The three men expected to be spending their time this summer and fall working on Michael Jackson's concert engagement at London's O2 Arena, which was scheduled to begin in July.It was an honor project," Bearden said.He hopes Jackson's fans will feel the same way.
Men do have standards, but when they're single, they'll hit on a woman with a boyfriend.But know that if it happened once, it can happen again.TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
She's not sure he's ready to share that torment with her.The Danish provocateur twice won prestigious honors at the Cannes Film Festival (with "Breaking the Waves" and "Dancer in the Dark") and re-energized European art cinema in the 1990s with the Dogme movement's so-called "Vows of Chastity."For Entertainment Weekly's review, click here.
So it's a way of reaching out and extending social ties and bringing people in who might not otherwise have an opportunity to know a Latino family and to know the culture."It makes her look like a princess," gushes Marlene Ferro.It is a way for people who have recently arrived, or maybe not so recently arrived, to say 'I have done well here'... I'm throwing this party for my daughter and I'm inviting all of you to partake of my generosity so that you can see exactly how well we've done."
Cornwell: When she is up at CNN for a scene when she's on a fictitious show, she walks past posters of Nancy Grace and Lou Dobbs and Wolf Blitzer because she's up on that floor, so I do make real references to people, but the characters, the producers, none are real and they're not based on anybody I met or know.Like Marino, I can be a slob and sometimes say stupid things and rush to judgment.If they ever make a real movie of Scarpetta, I may not be able to watch it.
Others were sent by the state's Department of Social Services.She graduated in August, has her own apartment now and works to support herself and her son.I am doing this for me."
The president will use the money squeezed from Medicare to extend some form of coverage to the 35 million to 40 million people estimated to lack health insurance.Ten years from now, Grandma probably won't have a personal doctor.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum.
Experts have been brought in to examine the bear, which was shot and died at the scene.Russia has a long-standing tradition of training bears to perform tricks such as riding motorcycles, ice skating, and playing hockey.Fatal attacks are unusual.
At least 540 people were wounded in Sunday's attacks, the deadliest in the capital in more than two years, the ministry said.The president, prime minister and other top officials are scheduled to meet Monday to discuss the elections law and security concerns.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh, Mohammed Jamjoom, and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
But there were also suggestions that Picower benefited from Madoff's swindle.Citing an unnamed source, Fortune magazine said in April that Frank DiPascali, the chief lieutenant in Madoff's secretive investment business, was "prepared to testify that he manipulated phony returns on behalf of some key Madoff investors," including Picower.Picower also allegedly "extracted billions of dollars from Madoff's fund before it collapsed," according to Forbes magazine.
In some American cities, 50 percent of school-aged black men drop out of school and as much as 50 percent of young black men are unemployed.Davis was convicted of killing a police officer and has spent 18 years on death row.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Benjamin Todd Jealous.
I think we're living in a prison world because we can't -- we're not safe here.Until this," she said.A preliminary hearing for all three suspects is set for September 18.
Thanks in part to fallout from Murrow's broadcast on March 9, 1954, the U.S. Senate reprimanded McCarthy for abusing his power, and McCarthyism came to an abrupt end.The fantasies of Western life lived on in the imaginations of Romanians, and in 1989, Ceausescu was overthrown during a public uprising.All rights reserved.
In Connecticut, charter schools are publicly funded and privately run, with no teachers' unions, no school board influence and no centralized curriculum.He is an operations genius.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Perry.
program, which is similar to R.E.A.D. Programs like these have popped up in nearly every state to help improve literacy rates in the United States. "They kind of benefit each other," says Saroyan. "[Minnie] just craves that human attention, and [the kids] really benefit from her just sitting there and listening."
The letter to Northwest Captain Timothy B. Cheney and First Officer Richard I. Cole puts the total time the pilots maintained radio silence at 91 minutes -- 13 minutes longer than originally defined by federal investigators.We are overhead EAU [Eau Claire, Wisconsin] and would like to make a 180 and to [make] an arrival from over EAU."Paul airport, both voluntarily underwent alcohol breath tests, which proved negative, the report said.
In fiscal 2008, authorities confiscated about $70 million in drug-related cash in Atlanta, more than anywhere else in the United States, the Drug Enforcement Administration has said.Atlanta has become a stopping point for truckloads of Mexican cocaine, heroin, marijuana and methamphetamine, agents say.The drugs are held in stash houses before being distributed on the East Coast.
If the people behind the attacks were so sure of their beliefs let them join the political process, let them come forth to the people and make their case that they don't want girls to go to school, that they want women to be kept back, that they believe they have all the answers," Clinton said in response to the car bombing in Peshawar. "We don't want it to be just about security and just about our anti-terrorist agenda," she said. "It is unfortunate that there are those who question our motives, who perhaps are skeptical that we are going to commit to a long-term relationship, and I want to try to clear the air up on that while I am in the country," she said.
Despite, or perhaps because of, what he describes as his "sensitive" nature, von Trier is one of today's great contemporary European auteurs, considered responsible for spearheading a revival in the fortunes of Scandinavian filmmaking. "Misogyny couldn't be further from the truth, according to Von Trier, who says he sees himself up there on the screen: "I mostly see myself as the female character," the 53-year-old director told CNN in Cannes.If I didn't follow my instinct, then I can't work."
There has been some controversy over why he is making what looks like a conventional Hollywood horror.I suspect it will be philosophical.Feel-good is a very overused term, but people are going to be looking for more feel-good films now anyway.
Castro, who came to power in 1959, underwent abdominal surgery in 2006.The Cuban leader ceded the presidency to his younger brother, Raul, last year, but has retained leadership of the Communist Party, the only legal political party in Cuba.CNN's David Ariosto contributed to this report.
I want justice, not just for my family, but for the families of all the girls.That seems likely, authorities say. "It's time to say 'enough is enough.' "
Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan, Mexico.The scheduled launch of Discovery on Tuesday was scrubbed twice, once because of weather and then hours later because of of mechanical issues involving a drain valve.NASA did not announce a new launch schedule.
But the U.S. seems to have developed instant amnesia about this issue in Afghanistan, where around 40 percent of the country was controlled by the Taliban or was at high risk for attacks by insurgents, according to a private assessment prepared by the Afghan military in April, which was obtained by CNN.Eight years into this conflict, America and its NATO allies -- who are still looked on favorably by a majority of Afghans -- are not providing large swaths of the Afghan population with the most basic public good, which is security.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, left, and President Obama meet in Washington on Wednesday.Just 39 percent of Americans favor the war, while 58 percent oppose it, according to a national CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Tuesday.Harper said Canada's concerns about the clause are "important irritants... but relatively small" when compared with the overall U.S.-Canadian trade relationship.
Tom Johnson, who served as one of LBJ's White House press secretaries, is former chief executive of CNN News Group and former publisher of the Los Angeles Times.A call to each to tell them to get the vote of that representative.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Johnson.
Additionally, Holder was not saying that progress had not been made.Being able to sit in a classroom and open history books that positively portray a plethora of people that resemble you has been, and continues to be, the exclusive historical privilege of whites.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Al Vivian.
They suggest that if e-tailers can get you to picture yourself owning something -- even if you really can't afford it -- they have a better chance of converting you into an online sale.I only buy what I can carry in my two arms.Or if that's too pointy-headed for you, just start humming the refrain from that old song by the Georgia Satellites: "Don't hand me no lines and keep your hands to yourself!"
Coral reefs could be wiped out in 30-40 years according to a new report.For many developing countries like Sri Lanka and countries in East Africa the percentage of damage is much worse.We must focus on helping corals to adapt to climate change and on diverting people away from destructive practices such as overfishing," Linden said.
I'm not so sure that behavior itself has changed, but this time around, people are trading down in their drink of choice.Watch Clark talk with an amazing saver » The truly noteworthy thing here is how we're saving this much-heralded five percent.Sometimes, it doesn't pay to be cheap!
The 39-year-old, who is only one of six men in history to have completed a career grand slam of winning titles at all four majors, confessed in his autobiography that he took the highly addictive narcotic in 1997 while suffering poor form and to quell worries about his upcoming marriage to actress Brooke Shields.Following his use of crystal meth, the former world number one pulled out of the French Open and admitted he did not practice for Wimbledon a month later.The ATP have yet to comment following the revelations.
A vote may be held Thursday on a proposal that would govern the elections, now set for January 16, legislators Mahmoud Othman and Abdul Bari al-Zebari said on Wednesday.If one is not adopted, the government may have to either reschedule the election or rely on the law used in the 2005 national elections, officials say.CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report
In 2007 and 2008, I traveled the country for a series of columns called "What Works," aimed at profiling programs that addressed that gap.I toured Self Enhancement Inc. in Portland, Oregon, a KIPP (Knowledge is Power Program) School in Gaston, North Carolina, the East Lake Foundation in Atlanta, Georgia, and many others.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leonard Pitts Jr.
The 39-year-old, who is only one of six men in history to have completed a career grand slam of winning titles at all four majors, confessed in his autobiography that he took the highly addictive narcotic in 1997 while suffering poor form and to quell worries about his upcoming marriage to actress Brooke Shields.Following his use of crystal meth, the former world number one pulled out of the French Open and admitted he did not practice for Wimbledon a month later.The ATP have yet to comment following the revelations.
Rosemary Port says she plans to sue Google for not doing enough to protect her identity.Cohen's attorney, Steve Wagner, said he couldn't believe Port's nerve in suing Google. "There will be people who won't publish things that maybe they should publish or that would be good for society," Thompson said.
In early August there are crayfish parties.There are lots of extrovert, crazy Swedes -- and many of them are my friends.DB: Progressive, quite tolerant, somewhat reserved, and beautiful.
Commuters are going to need to check back with us over the weekend," said Bart Ney, a spokesman for the California Department of Transportation. "The rods' alignment has not been completed to the point where workers could begin stressing them, he said.About 442,000 people took BART, 24 percent more than on an average Thursday, the agency said in a news release.
He walks around and picks up scrap metal and takes it to junk yards to make a few pennies."Sowell was convicted for a 1989 rape for which he was imprisoned from 1990 to 2005, Stacho said.Authorities plan to continue their search of the house on Saturday.
Omar Abdullah denies any link to a prostitution ring, saying he has stepped down to clear his name.A relaxed Omar told journalists Thursday evening that he had "full confidence" in his innocence.Various rights groups and non-governmental organizations in Kashmir, however, contend that the number killed during the last two decades is twice the official figure.
New rules announced Thursday specify border searches to be conducted "as expeditiously as possible."Border officers have long had to deal with issues pitting privacy versus security.Just 46 searches were in depth, it said.
It's taken a long time for this rising demographic to be recognized as a distinct generation in its own right.The short and easy answer is greedy boomers.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marian Salzman.
Meanwhile Ali Muse, head of an emergency group in the city, confirmed to CNN that three people died and 16 others were wounded in the fighting. "The casualty (number) is small because people deserted the streets soon after the fighting started," said Ali Muse. --Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report
Attorney Robert Clark said former Judge Herman Thomas was found not guilty on several charges and the judge in the case granted a directed verdict of acquittal on all the other counts.It all worked out in the end," the attorney said.CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
I've reached the conclusion that hope is no longer viable," Coast Guard Rear Adm. Joseph Castillo said Sunday. "Adam W. Bryant of Crewe, Virginia, co-pilot; Chief Petty Officer John F. Seidman of Stockton, California, flight engineer; Petty Officer 2nd Class Carl P. Grigonis of Mayfield Heights, Ohio, navigator; Petty Officer 2nd Class Monica L. Beacham of Decaturville, Tennessee, radio operator; Petty Officer 2nd Class Jason S. Moletzsky of Norristown, Pennsylvania, air crew; and Petty Officer 3rd Class Danny R. Kreder II of Elm Mott, Texas, drop master.The Coast Guard announced that a memorial service for personnel missing in the collision will be at 11 a.m. PT Friday at the Coast Guard station in Sacramento.
In his national address, Kennedy said he was driving Kopechne to a ferry landing because she was tired.When you tell the truth, you don't have to worry about what you said the first time," he said. "The charge I came up with was the only one I thought we could prove.... I did what I could, and I'll stick by it."
The USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service advised consumers to safely prepare raw meat products, whether they are fresh or frozen, and only consume ground beef that has been cooked to a temperature of 160 degrees Fahrenheit.The only way to be sure ground beef is cooked to a high enough temperature to kill harmful bacteria is to use a food thermometer to measure the internal temperature, the FSIS said.Of the 28 people infected with E. coli from the outbreak, eight are in Massachusetts; four each are in Connecticut and New Hampshire; two each are in Maine, Pennsylvania and South Dakota; and one each is in California, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York and Vermont, according to the CDC.
Recently, however, a group of properties has sprung up on the northern coast, aiming to seduce 21st-century travelers with designs steeped in post-World War II Modernism.Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation.All rights reserved.
But they're still human beings, and they deserve due process," Newman said.Abortion rights supporters were predominant in the 50 to 75 people gathered outside the clinic Friday morning. "There is no middle ground.
Hamilton will be looking to end a disappointing year for McLaren with victory in the season finale at the new Yas Marina circuit, but even with a win can do no better than hold onto his fifth overall placing in F1's first day-night event.They all said it would be a great event, but it's mind-blowing.Alonso, at least, can look forward to joining Ferrari as Raikkonen's replacement, but Frenchman Grosjean faces an uncertain future as he has failed to take his chance since taking over from the sacked Nelson Piquet Jr. Former world champions Ferrari will prop up the grid as veteran Giancarlo Fisichella again struggled ahead of what could be the final race of his career as he will be the team's reserve driver next year when the injured Felipe Massa returns.
Namias also explained that in burn cases, words must be chosen carefully when talking about patients and their condition because so much is at risk and so much can change quickly. "We're still dealing with the respiratory failure.This didn't have to happen at all."
By shedding their normal surroundings, improving their dowdy image and hitting the streets -- "pimped up" carts may increasingly be seen away from the course.I'd say about 99% of our sales these days are for individual use," says Randy Hopper, owner of Sick 'N' Twisted Designs, one of the largest bespoke golf cart manufacturers in California. "While the golf cart remains a staple on the fairways, the souped-up street version is no longer just par for the course.
She'd grown up hearing Uncle Leo died of pneumonia, and after asking family about it, the truth was revealed, followed by the words, "We will never talk about this again," Smithline said. "Confidently, she told him she wasn't.How we keep it from happening again is to never forget."
Authorities on Tuesday charged Anthony Sowell with five counts of aggravated murder after unearthing the bodies of women at his home last week, police said.Sowell was convicted of a 1989 rape and was imprisoned from 1990 to 2005, Stacho said.CNN's Karan Olson contributed to this report.
She was doused from her shoulders down, she said.Martel said she did not initially think the waves would be an injurious, "imminent" threat. "It's kind of like a false sense of security, and then out of nowhere comes this monstrous wave that's like, holy moly," Wheeler said.
In a news conference Monday at the headquarters of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, said out of about 100 pregnant women who participated in trial studies, over 90 percent showed a robust immune response to a single 15-microgram dose of the H1N1 vaccine.It's really that simple."CNN's Miriam Falco contributed to this report.
With 70 percent of precincts reporting, nearly 52 percent of voters chose to reject the law, with more than 48 percent voting to retain it, according to the Daily News.In September, opposition groups delivered the necessary signatures to get a vote.Watch how a Texas candidate could make history KHOU: Voter turnout appears light Tuesday Houston Chronicle: Scouting report on mayoral race CNN's Paul Steinhauser, Emily Sherman, Ed Hornick, Robert Yoon and John Helton contributed to this report.
Accept that you're No.Every good grade will be chalked up to your romance with the professor and every promotion, credited to time served on your back.TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
At Fort Bliss in El Paso, for instance, a memorandum prohibits its soldiers from traveling into the Mexican state of Chihuahua, where Ciudad Juarez is located.More than 2,000 killings have been recorded in Juarez this year.CNN's Mayra Cuevas-Nazario, Mike Mount, Dave Alsup and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report.
Nancy Wymer, who coordinates the study, says the boys will receive two inoculations over six weeks and will continue to check in periodically over the following six months.Andrew Stein said it was no big deal. "Not just for the gift card," he said, "but for being able to help other kids."
Tom Williams spitting fake blood from his mouth in a match between Harlequins and Leinster.Everybody looked at it and thought, 'That's unreal', which is what I thought on the touchline as well. "But I had to hold my hands up," Richards added.
6.Mental Floss: Brief history of dubious dieting For more mental_floss articles, visit MENTALFLOSS.COM For more mental_floss articles, visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright, Mental Floss LLC.All rights reserved.
They also deliver much-needed care packages to the troops." (The group remains greatly dependent on the kindness of strangers, said Phillips. "Those are the things we try to deliver."
Signs such as this were still up in "toxic zones" around Abidjan, Ivory Coast, a year after the waste dumping.the company says.Ivory Coast, a former French colony with a population of 20 million, is also known as Cote d'Ivoire.
Typhoon Parma made landfall on October 3 in a rural region of fishermen and farmers in Luzon, the largest of the Philippine islands.It destroyed 55,000 houses and killed more than 430 people.Last week, a third typhoon, Lupit, narrowly missed making landfall, but brought lots of rain to the Philippines.
Their total share of the vote, however, dropped from 20 percent from last year -- when Obama topped the ballot -- to 16 percent.The struggle has been viewed as a proxy for a national struggle between activists arguing the GOP slipped by betraying conservative values and officials warning a rightward move would further alienate an increasingly independent-minded electorate.CNN's Peter Hamby and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
Scottish Rugby chief executive Gordon McKie said he was confident Robinson would prove to be successful. "Andy has proved himself at every level of the game and we are thrilled that he will now be leading the Scotland team as we look towards the challenges of the next three years, including the 2011 World Cup," McKie said. "He has been part of the Scottish Rugby family for the past two years and has brought success both to Edinburgh Rugby, with their highest ever Magners League finish in successive seasons, and has also guided the Scotland A team to notable successes."
Get paid: $81,550 6.Get paid: $81,470 5.The information contained in this article may not be published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
Although the process was messy, I'm pleased to say that the final outcome was determined in accordance with Afghan law," Obama said.But that request was not met, Abdullah said Sunday, and he did not believe a transparent election was possible. "CNN's Jonathan Wald in Kabul, Afghanistan contributed to this report.
Paperless boarding passes Boarding passes printed on flimsy paper seem almost as outdated as paper airline tickets.Note: This story was accurate when it was published.Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip.
Health.com: A new prescription for happiness Knitting I have friends who are passionate about knitting.So, I gave myself a new task: Find an activity that calms my mind without giving my weary body a chance to nod off.Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009
Islam is opposed to any kind of hatred against anybody."Inside the sleek, modernistic house of worship, Imam Shamsi Ali preaches against the violence that now sweeps many Muslim countries. "CNN's Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report.
After a stint with CBS News -- including five years as a "60 Minutes" correspondent -- Sawyer joined ABC News in 1989.She worked on news magazines for ABC -- including "Primetime Live" and "20/20" -- before being assigned to co-host "Good Morning America" with Gibson in 1999.CNN's Albert Lewintinn contributed to this report.
Pakistanis displaced by fighting demand government assistance during a protest Sunday in Karachi.The military said an unknown number of slain militants were found in a training facility destroyed by security forces in Shangla district, and a government girls' school at Baiderra was torched by militants.The Pakistani military said on Saturday its security forces have taken back the city of Mingora from the Taliban, calling it a significant victory in its offensive.
I couldn't get him to answer," de la Serna said. "He fell, I went up and secured his weapon."It was really awesome."
Cultural treat?The diet is an integral part of the historical and cultural identity of the Mediterranean, and an opportunity for growth for the countries in the area."Until then, Spain and other countries in the region undoubtedly will hope they can retain their reputation as a rewarding destination for the gourmet traveler.
The commission is asking consumers to stop using the floats and to send them back to the company.Aqua Leisure officials could not be immediately reached for comment, but the company's Web site has posted the commission's recall advisory.CNN's Gerri Willis contributed to this report.
The U.S. says this image of young boys is from an al Qaeda in Iraq training and recruitment video. "Iraqi soldiers and Sons of Iraq members also found weapons caches.E-mail to a friend CNN's Arwa Damon contributed to this report.
Sen. Olympia Snowe is part of the bipartisan so-called "Gang of Six" negotiating on health care.However, the slow pace of those talks and recent partisan attacks by the other two Republicans in the negotiations have dimmed hopes for a breakthrough, leaving Snowe as the only Republican senator that White House aides believe they can work with on the issue.However, their recent sharp criticism of Democratic health care proposals favored by Obama has caused tense relations with the White House.
The veterans -- some wearing motorcycle leather and bandanas, some sport shirts and slacks, others donning the suit jackets and pea caps favored by the Veterans of Foreign Wars -- stood at attention and snapped crisp salutes.We got on the phone and on the Internet and invited our friends."They served our country, and you're paying them a great tribute by being here."
In his Saturday address, President Obama said it was "an act of violence that would have been heartbreaking had it occurred anyplace in America."The White House said President Obama and the first lady will be attending a memorial service on Tuesday and the president ordered flags flying over the White House and other federal buildings to be lowered to half-staff until Veterans Day on Wednesday.Even as we saw the worst of human nature on full display," the president said, "we also saw the best of America."
Bakkies Botha will be eligible to return for the start of the Springboks' Tri-Nations campaign.The Springboks will also be without flanker Schalk Burger, who was banned for eight weeks for eye-gouging Lions wing Luke Fitzgerald.Replacements: R Ford, J Hayes, A-W Jones, D Wallace, T Croft, H Ellis, J Hook.
I have every respect for that club.This fact cannot compel me to put any club below or above the others.All clubs and players deserve equal treatment."
Todd, a retired member of the military police, offered his condolences to the families of the victims. "Earlier, officials said investigators were looking into whether some soldiers may have been shot accidentally by others trying to shoot the gunman.CNN's Ted Rowlands and Michael Cary contributed to this report.
Honor Flight" took to the skies in May of 2005.A physician's assistant at the VA in Springfield, Ohio, Earl Morse was struck by the WWII vets he treated and how few made the journey to see the memorial that honors them. "In another five to seven years, our efforts will be a moot point because they will be gone or too infirm to participate in a mission like this," he says.
He asked on camera, and I said, "I'm broke -- aw -- I'm busted."Paul Shaffer: We think of them in rehearsal before the show.Shaffer: I still talk incessantly about "SCTV," and I say, "Screw the kids!"
The FBI posted photos from the bank robberies on billboards, leading to the man identified as Chad Schaffner.A retired state trooper saw Schaffner in Kingdom City, Missouri, and notified authorities.Schaffner is suspected of robbing banks in states including Kentucky, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee, authorities said.
Speaking to an estimated 15,000 people at a memorial service at the post, Obama vowed that justice will be done in the attack that left 13 dead and 42 wounded.Defense Secretary Robert Gates, Texas Gov. Rick Perry and more than a dozen members of Congress were among who attended the service on the warm Texas afternoon.CNN correspondent Jill Dougherty contributed to this report.
West and Crawley have until December 23 to complete 50 hours of community service, Zuckman said.If they do, he will dismissed the charges.If convicted, West could have faced up to two years and six months in jail, while Crawley could have faced up to five years, according to Frank Mateljan, the spokesman for the city attorney.
Former Turks and Caicos Islands Premier Michael Misick, shown here with his wife, LisaRaye, could be investigated.The governor is responsible for defense; external affairs; internal security, including the islands' police force; and the appointment of some public officials, but he is normally required to act on the advice of the Cabinet.The islands' ministerial system includes the premier and six other ministers who must act according to Cabinet policies.
A vaccine against H1N1 is being tested but is not expected to be available until at least mid-October.In addition, 480 pregnant women have been confirmed with H1N1, of whom 58 died.The World Health Organization in June declared a Level 6 worldwide pandemic, the organization's highest classification.
Millions worldwide watched online coverage of Michael Jackson's funeral service in Los Angeles.As of 1:30 p.m. ET, shortly before the memorial service began, the partnership was yielding about 6,000 status updates per minute, said a Facebook spokeswoman.Watch panelists discuss Jackson's legacy » CNN's Stephanie Busari and Linnie Rawlinson contributed to this story.
They also want a decent government.They know it will be a hard slog.As a member of the media I believe that's our job: to report the facts.
There has always been a vociferous group in opposition," he said.It's too much effort," he said. "Not just the money -- it's so many hoops to jump through for a couple that would prefer to make their baby on vacation rather than in a clinic."
It's a passionate cause that defines her life.Based in Abuja, Nigeria, Onyeri has lobbied the Government to do more to help women with cancer.The impetus behind her drive and persistence is a wrong diagnosis of cancer 15 years ago.
Stress can affect golfers of all abilities.The positives of the distance walked, the heart-rate increase and the blood-pressure suppression will outweigh any negative mood states.But it might be that we need to recognize that mood profiles can go down and mediate against that."
Djokovic, by reaching the final, is assured of taking over the world number three ranking, surpassing injured Scot Andy Murray.Meanwhile, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga defeated Mikhail Youzhny to become the first French player to win the men's singles title at the Japan Open in Tokyo.The world number seven, who knocked out compatriots Gael Monfils and Richard Gasquet on his way to the final, chalked up a 6-3 6-3 final win over the Russian.
A file image shows a British Royal Marine sniper team on an operation in Afghanistan.British-led forces attacked from three different directions over the next three weeks, essentially creating a "gated community" where Taliban insurgents could not get in or out, Radford said.Major fighting ended July 20, he said.
A month earlier, gunmen in the province of Kapisa killed another of Abdullah's campaign managers in a midnight attack.Hundreds of U.S. Marines and Afghan soldiers have headed to southern Afghanistan to secure polling stations and protect citizens during the elections.It will be the nation's second presidential election since the fall of the Taliban regime in 2001.
Plus, Mercedes' Rear View Monitor "views" anything that is directly behind the vehicle as it is backing up, and then projects that image onto the navigation-system screen.AOL Autos: Most popular crossover vehicles Mercedes also offers a Night View system in the S-Class and CL-Class, which, at night, "gives you a very sharp, daytime-quality picture of everything that is going on in front of you," Herring said. "We're trying to take a 360-degree view all around the vehicle, in order to determine everything we can do to help a person avoid a crash," Barman said.
Stress can increase the risk of dementia in older people, a study has found.A chemical called Pittsburgh Compound B is used in the imaging of brain tissues to find signatures of Alzheimer's -- namely, beta-amyloid plaques and neurofibrillary tangles. "The working idea is that if we can detect it before it's clinically expressed and stop it then, we can prevent people from developing the disease," Stern said.
When we got on, I couldn't latch the belts because I was too big and they had to ask me to get off."Afraid that she might die before the age of 30, she was tired of being a "fat mom" and wanted to set a good example for her daughter.Send your story, photos and video E-mail to a friend
She approached her students with an idea. "Want to get involved?Check out the Girl Child Network and see how to help.
The cause of the crash that killed them is not yet clear, but it is not thought to be enemy action, ISAF said.A helicopter sent to recover the remains October 17 itself made "a hard landing" that required the crew to be rescued, ISAF said.The helicopter was stripped of sensitive parts Wednesday and destroyed in place Sunday, ISAF said.
Nor was Uwem out of place for being the only Nigerian in his cohort.This is the story of my continent!"The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eileen Pollack.
It dubbed its operation Vico, because the images were thought to have been taken in Vietnam and Cambodia.Ten days later, Christopher Paul Neil -- a 32-year-old Canadian man who had been working as an English-language teacher in South Korea -- was arrested in Thailand and charged with child abuse.Following the success of that operation, the organization's general assembly approved a resolution allowing Interpol to seek public help in child sex abuse investigations.
Another 400 cadets are expected to join the force in October.Officials hope that the larger police force, together with investments in police equipment and a new crime-stoppers phone system, will turn things around for the city.More than 5,100 have been killed in drug-cartel violence across Mexico this year, according to a tally by the newspaper El Universal.
Afghan men smoke heroin in the city of Herat on August 7, 2009.The report says the Taliban make about $70 million a year on the drug trade.The report concedes that counter-narcotics alone will not win the war, but says slowing the flow of illicit money will play a crucial role in "determining whether we can carve out the space required to provide the security and economic development necessary to bring a level of stability to Afghanistan."
That's not a request for more troops, but a request from commanders who say the current camouflage uniform is not blending well in the diverse countryside.Troops will still keep the existing ACU, and commanders will be able to decide mission by mission what the soldiers should wear, according to Army officials.The testing is part of the Army's long-term development of a permanent alternative to the current ACU, according to Army officials.
There was a girl next to her in a yellow dress also beaming with the same indistinguishable smile, lugging a bag of leftover pieces of bread over her tiny back.Some times you are strong about it, other times you feel weak.And as much as it pains you, you know you are lucky to see their lives, you know you have benefited from these people and from this place -- in ways you may never understand why.
What you need: A bachelor's degree in a related field and one year of experience working with hospitalized children.All rights reserved.The information contained in this article may not be published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
The girl told her parents -- who did not know it had been taken -- that the former nanny took it as part of a "cops and robbers" game.Crawford then handed the telephone to her husband.Since then, Kayalar has made another attempt to obtain money from the couple, according to court documents, and Gerber stalled, saying he needed more time to get the money.
This is the fourth time I am actually preparing for a fight with him," he added, referring to the two postponed fights last year. "Now is the time to end all this confusion.There will only be one WBA heavyweight champion after May 30 -- and that will be me."
The Pulaski County, Arkansas, jury on Wednesday convicted Curtis Lavelle Vance, 29, of capital murder, residential burglary, rape and theft of property in the October 2008 slaying of Anne Pressly, 26.There really aren't any winners tonight," Cannady said. "CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
Hossein Rassam "is a hardworking embassy official" who was "doing work that was wholly within the boundaries of diplomatic work," Miliband said at a news conference in Brussels, Belgium.This will be seen as an attack against the entire diplomatic community in Iran," he said in a statement late Wednesday.The Foreign Office summoned the Iranian ambassador to London, and Britain's envoy in Tehran spoke to Iran's deputy foreign minister, Miliband said.
Zellweger: Very much.But she learns a different way and a more satisfying way to be involved in her own life, which is wonderful.I don't know that I would succeed (laughs).
Over the past six months, it has become increasingly clear that strong winds of change have begun buffeting this country and affecting all of us, and some leaders in media, politics and business have been urging me to go beyond the role here at CNN and to engage in constructive problem-solving as well as to contribute positively to a better understanding of the great issues of our day and to continue to do so in the most honest and direct language possible," Dobbs said during his 7 p.m. broadcast.His no-holds-barred, sometimes acerbic style brought him a loyal following, but also attracted controversy both to him and to the network, especially over the subject of illegal immigrants.Dobbs will continue as anchor of The Lou Dobbs Show, a daily radio show that began in March 2008 and is distributed to more than 160 stations nationwide by United Stations Radio Networks Inc.
As the final resting place of our nation's heroes, any questions about the integrity or accountability of its operations should be examined in a manner befitting their service and sacrifice," McHugh said in a statement after signing the order directing the Army's Inspector General to begin an investigation into allegations regarding cemetery operations.Over the summer, the cemetery put up a headstone on the mystery grave that reads "Unknown."McHugh hopes this new investigation will "ensure America's confidence in the operation of its most hallowed ground."
The biofuels are converted and provided by Green Fuels Limited, a British company that previously provided biodiesel to power the royal train, Clarence House said.The wine used for the bioethanol comes from current vintage that remains after English wine producers reach the EU limit for annual wine production, a spokesman for Green Fuels said.The prince uses wine from a vineyard close to his Highgrove Estate, the spokesman said.
But ignore them they did. "If you're reading this online, chances are you don't remember and can't ever know what it was like in the days before the collapse of communism.But that's another story...
People feel freedom, most themselves, at home in their underpants," Yue said.And what is the meaning behind the cloned figures that bear his likeness in all his paintings? "Because I want to be famous."
Who would have thought that analysing fluid flow around a Space Shuttle engine would help create a tiny heart pump?Or that a water purification device for astronauts could help patients suffering from kidney disease.And that the humble hospital thermometer would be transformed by measuring infrared radiation in the stars and planets?
Dr. Trent Pierce was injured outside his home Wednesday, authorities and local media say.We do not know enough to give any kind of statement," she said.CNN's Kathleen Shahriari contributed to this report.
In the second set I was not moving well and I was letting him control the match but in the end I managed to hold the nerves and focus."Nadal and Djokovic have met 19 times, with the Spaniard holding a clear lead at 14-5.However, Djokovic won their last encounter in Cincinnati in August for the loss of only five games.
The U.S. delegation was met by an honor guard at the Great Hall of the People, and Obama shook hands with Hu and other top Chinese officials before the two leaders went behind closed doors.But Obama told students at a town hall-style meeting in Shanghai that the two nations don't have to be at odds with each other. "He met on the sidelines with world leaders, including Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates notified the high court late Friday that he was issuing an order to block the release.The photos currently at issue are separate from those first publicly released in 2006 showing abuse of Muslim men held at Baghdad's Abu Ghraib prison.The case is Rasul v. Myers (09-227).
Egyptians take part in the funeral of Marwa Sherbini, who was murdered in Germany last week.He was scheduled to present his Ph.D. thesis in the coming days.CNN's Saad Abedine contributed to this report.
It's a long time, and I remember when I was going through a particularly difficult time of learning, I'd go, "Well, if I just stick with it, one day I'll be saying, 'I've been playing for 40 years.' "CNN: You've been playing it for 45 years, right?Laughs] I do have a record out.
This is something that is very good for our state, it's good for our economy, it's good for public safety," Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn told reporters.The federal prison system houses approximately 340 inmates linked to international terrorism, including more than 200 tied to international incidents, another Obama official said.CNN's Jessica Yellin contributed to this report.
Anne Pressly, 26, was a popular morning news anchor at KATV-TV in Little Rock, Arkansas.Pressly, 26, was found beaten at her home in October.A $30,000 reward, established by KATV, was offered to anyone providing information leading to the arrest of Pressly's attacker.
Because of the arrest that the rangers were able to make, we have several leads on the perpetrators of the attack, who will be brought to justice," a statement on the Web site said.More than 100 rangers returned to the park's gorilla sector late last year after hundreds of rangers fled the area in 2007 because of fighting involving ethnic Tutsi rebels, the Congolese army and militias.Rangers and scientists were out of contact with the park's endangered gorillas for more than a year until rangers returned late last year, the park said.
All of a sudden you have something that offers more than Skype," Abramson said, saying the combo could now put Google in competition with phone and cable companies, IP "telephony" (VOIP) companies and Vonage. "Click here!Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
Garcia ordered his foreign minister and justice department to hand over all details of the investigation so Chile could "give the corresponding explanations," he said in a televised address.Both countries said they would work to heal relations after the general's comments.Journalist Gisu Guerra contributed to this report.
They urged leniency so the teens could realize their potential as adults.He was my one and only love, and they took him away from me, and they took my children's father," Crystal Dillman said. "CNN's Brian Rokus and Rose Arce contributed to this report.
Living Golf's resident pro Adam Scott shows the tricks of the trade that have helped him conquer some of the world's toughest courses.Whether it is acheiving a better drive, improving approach shots to the green or tackling testing bunkers, Scott has the tips to help your game.Improve your game by following the Living Golf lessons every month on CNN.com
I'm not talking about his moment(s) of weakness, but the blood in the water that the media are feeding on as if they were sharks.A great mother could also be a cheater or a great judge could lust after women 50 years his junior.That said, I think John Edwards is the same John Edwards -- politically -- that we knew before his affair hit the news.
But that will take some effort.Aw, it's a bootpacker!"All rights reserved.
He faces child abuse charges.The incident remains under investigation, authorities said.CNN's Rich Phillips contributed to this report.
I got my first flying job when I was 18; I worked my way through college flying airplanes.I'm writing about what did happen.There's no argument here from my side.
It isn't so complex for a guy to figure out by watching how the global supply chain works in the mobile handset space to do his own thing."Known here as "shanzhai ji", or bandit phones, China's gray market handset industry was virtually non-existent just a few years ago.But every success has a shortcut."
There's some uncertainty about what actually caused the power outage, but it's been linked to a hydroelectric dam.You all are Christians?CNN Student News will see you tomorrow to close out the week.
Do not take this blip on the radar as gospel for the future; in most instances, a used car will almost always be a better buy.When buying a new vehicle, you want to start by arranging your financing first.Hey, maybe driving your current car until the wheels fall off is still a great idea.
Be sure you're taking my "Clark Smart" approach to borrowing.In fact, private student loans typically can't even be dismissed in bankruptcy.Visit LoanConsolidation.ed.gov for more information.
Joe Keiper, curator of invertebrate zoology from the Cleveland Museum of Natural History, started consulting with law enforcement in 2001.This is something, for the sake of our society, I hope I never have to do again."CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
She alleged that an officer behind her forcefully grabbed her shoulder without telling her she was being arrested.She decided not to sign it, because she was taught to never admit guilt when you're innocent," her father has said.CNN's David Mattingly and Tristan Smith contributed to this report.
Doctors say Brewer is improving but his condition is tenuous because of the severity of his burns and the possibility of infections.Brewer's doctor told CNN the teen faces several more months in the hospital, and will need multiple skin grafts and surgeries. "It's a horrible event that occurred, but this was not their conceptualization, in my opinion, of what was going to happen."
The Butterfly Nebula is about 3,800 light-years away in the constellation Scorpius.NASA took advantage of the special filters on Hubble's camera to isolate the light of different elements, said Bob O'Connell, chair of the science oversight committee for Wide Field Camera 3.Hubble is expected to continue its mission for at least five more years.
We are using new technologies because they have the capacity to be multiplied by people themselves who can forward Bluetooth, e-mails and text messages and invite more supporters on Facebook," Behzad Mortazavi, head of Mousavi's campaign committee, told the Financial Times.At a Mousavi rally at a stadium Saturday, the Facebook blockage was a topic of conversation among reporters.Many said they had accessed Facebook on Friday night and believe the site was blocked Saturday morning.
The Hardeeville Fire Department received a call shortly before 9 p.m. ET Monday, but teams from various agencies reportedly were unable to detach the car until about midnight.Felder said no one on the train was injured, and once the car was detached, a bus took passengers to the Amtrak station in Savannah, Georgia.The train was en route from Charleston, South Carolina, to Savannah when the crash occurred.
Where you live may affect your state of mind, according to a new mental health report.Why the difference?Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has projected that Reid's 2,074-page bill would extend health insurance coverage to 31 million additional Americans.The Republicans "are frightening people," said Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa. "Insurers under both plans would be barred from charging higher premiums based on a person's gender or medical history.
Filmmaking, storytelling, was my therapy.Which is the only thing I think he got wrong.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Oren Moverman.
Under an agreement between SAG and the National Institute of Natural Resources of the Republic of Peru, signed in 2007, the animals will be returned to Peru, SAG said.The national director of SAG, Francisco Bahamonde, credited coordination among various state bodies with impeding the illegal entry of protected species and products that can transmit pests or illnesses and said they would "redouble" their efforts.Chile busts trade in exotic animals from Peru
For some 800 years, it was the hub of all commercial, political, and social life and home to many of the city's religious rites.To many, the most important ancient site in the Western world is the Acropolis, rising gleaming like a beacon above the gray concrete drudgery of modern Athens.Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES, DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES, INC.
The collider achieved its first full-circle beam last year on September 10 amid much celebration.Now that a beam is circulating, the next step is low-energy collisions, which should begin in about a week, CERN said.CNN's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report.
Rowan Williams, the nominal head of the world Anglican Communion, threw down a theological gauntlet to the pope in a highly challenging speech in Rome in the run-up to their meeting.We believe that these matters, which are presently under discussion within the Anglican Communion, are of vital importance to the preaching of the gospel in its integrity, and that your current discussions will shape the future of our relations," he added.There are about 77 million Anglicans worldwide, and about 1.1 billion Roman Catholics.
Officer Michael Camacho, who was also wounded in the shootout, was upgraded from critical to serious condition and moved out of the intensive care unit, Scott said Monday.Camacho was shot in the neck during the gun battle.The other three officers were treated at a hospital and released.
Indian police have said 10 Pakistanis were involved in the deadly assault, nine of whom were killed in the carnage.The lone surviving suspect has linked the coordinated shooting and bombing incidents to the leader of the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, a militant group that is banned in India.CNN's Hada Messia in Rome contributed to this report.
Carrie Prejean was stripped of her Miss California USA title earlier this year. "I told Carrie she needed to get back to work and honor her contract with the Miss California USA organization, and I gave her the opportunity to do so," Trump said. "Unfortunately, it just doesn't look like it is going to happen, and I offered Keith my full support in making this decision."
So the question is, is Bishop Tobin more Catholic than the pope on this?"When he died earlier this year, a Roman Catholic funeral Mass was held in Boston's Our Lady of Perpetual Help Basilica.The idea that we're playing a win-lose game, that you're saying if you don't agree with us, we're not even going to have a conversation with you, that attitude chills civil discourse."
Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, calls for an end to protests last week at Tehran University.As part of that engagement, Obama videotaped a message for the Iranian people on the Persian new year, and U.S. officials have engaged members of the Iranian government.CNN's Elise Labott and Dan Lothian contributed to this report.
Candidates can make their references count by prepping them to discuss their specific skills as they relate to the job and the impact they brought to the job, which can be just the differentiation needed in this highly competitive market."They seldom are specific to the role my company seeks and are not meaningful in considering qualifications or traits of successful candidate," he said.Participate in professional blogs to create a history of professional involvement in your field that is independent of your work history.
They were screaming 'A foot, a foot,' that's what they could see," Mellas recalled Amanda Knox saying.Her mother said she threw herself into jobs to help the family save for the trip, working as a soccer coach, a barista and in a gallery.Just those few seconds are worth a lot."
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell would not discuss specific numbers, but he said NATO would be asked for additional help. "The United States is not going to be an outright mediator between Pakistan and India, but we can quietly, behind the scenes, push them to reduce their problems," Burns said.CNN's Elaine Quijano and Mike Mount contributed to this report.
Jonathan Reyes shows off his new Hot Wheels cars sent by Mattel after they heard his own toys were lost in a fire.When faced with unpredictable changes, they can feel frustrated or anxious and become disruptive, according to experts.The cars were like gold," she said.
But this time around there may be a new threat from the continent making its mark internationally.So, with an influx of good players, who are getting the necessary top level experience and a manager who knows how to get the most out of his team, this may be an opportunity for a new country to step to the foreground from South America and end the dominance of Brazil and Argentina.As the table stands now, Paraguay are looking good to qualify, and if they can exercise the same level of skill they have shown in the opening eight matches, they could top the group and head to South Africa as the team to watch in the finals.
He was my first love."Don't sleep your life away -- that could have happened.What else can I say?"
The 22 Chinese dairy producers that made the formula have offered compensation to victims' families.In all, 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal, Xinhua reported.Among them, Zhang and Geng were sentenced to death, and most others received at least 15 years in prison.
The report looks at 87 studies conducted between 1960 and 2007.We're not talking a light switch that you turn on and off, we're talking about very deep and complex issues that, I think, take years to resolve."Though all mainstream health and mental health organizations concluded years ago that homosexuality is not a mental disorder, the American Psychological Association formed the task force to work on the report two years ago after noting a resurgence of groups that identified homosexuality as a defect or spiritual or moral failing.
Believes oil companies should drill on the 68 million acres they have access to but haven't used and would require oil companies that will not drill to give up their leases.He also called on businesses, government and the American people to meet the goal of reducing U.S. demand for electricity by 15 percent by the end of the next decade and said he would modernize the national utility grid.CNN's Ed Hornick, Kerith McFadden and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
Shenandoah resident interrupts CNN interview It took almost two weeks for arrests to be made.Experts say everyone has biases, and violent instincts are common, especially in young adults.Not even close."
Prescription treatments are only about 50 percent effective, and most of these infections usually require the loss of the infected nail itself, the NIH Web site says.Tsentserensky thinks it's nothing new. "And finally, make sure you can communicate with your nail technician to ensure he or she is taking the proper precautions to make your pedicure a stress-free experience and, more important, to ensure that the only thing you're taking with you when you leave that salon is the pretty polish.
But advocacy groups say it's too soon to determine whether autism rates were affected by removing thimerosal from vaccines.In 1999, manufacturers began removing thimerosal - which is a mercury-based preservative - from vaccines.In 1997, Congress passed a bill that mandated review of products containing mercury, which led manufacturers to begin removing thimerosal from vaccines two years later.
But there is a lot we still don't know about these viruses, and it would be a mistake for anyone to rely on respirators alone as some sort of magic shield."Health care workers should use several strategies to guard against infection, such as innovative triage processes, washing hands, disinfecting, wearing gloves, getting vaccinated and using antiviral drugs, Shine said.The institute was asked specifically to evaluate personal protective equipment designed to guard against respiratory infection, and therefore the committee focused on the efficacy of medical masks and respirators.
Place settings in fine china from three previous administrations -- Eisenhower, Clinton and George W. Bush -- were flanked by five pieces of silverware and crystal glasses.You had one of the most beautiful women in the world and one of the best dancers in the world come together in this incredible place, and I think the spontaneity of it and the combination of the two of them was perfection."CNN's Suzanne Malveaux, Samantha Hayes, Kiran Chetry, Ed Hornick, Becky Brittain and Tom Cohen contributed to this report.
Michael Jackson left the music world to mourn -- but many of us, especially black Americans, felt like we lost a family member on Thursday.His music asked us to transcend race and geography, hate and bigotry, and made us feel like we were the world.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tananarive Due.
Health officials have said repeatedly since the outbreak's beginning that the virus cannot be contracted from eating pork.There is some immunosuppression that occurs during pregnancy," she said. "CNN medical senior producers Saundra Young and Shahreen Abedin contributed to this report.
Fukuda was quick to remind journalists that the designation does not reflect the severity of the disease, but how widespread it is. "Our overall assessment of severity is moderate," he said, "because although the overall number of serious and fatal cases is relatively limited... we really don't have a full handle on the number of people with serious illness."Fukuda said nearly 19,000 cases of the H1N1 virus have been reported in 64 countries, resulting in 117 deaths.
In a statement a day earlier, Fukuda said the WHO had been working extremely hard preparing countries for what a potential move to a global pandemic would entail. "I want to point out that by going to Phase 6 the activity has become established in at least two regions of the world," he said. "It does not mean that the severity of the situation has increased and that people are getting seriously sick at higher numbers or higher rates than they are right now."
Andal Ampatuan Jr. -- who is the mayor of Datu Unsay and the son of Maguindanao Governor Andal Ampatuan -- has agreed to face questioning, reported Patricia Evangelista of ABS-CBN.While the investigation is ongoing, a spokesman for the country's national police has said that Andal Ampatuan Jr. has been linked to the crime, according to local media reports. "The law will haunt them until they are caught."
Each course is paired with its own wine, all of American vintage.Michelle Obama worked with guest chef Marcus Samuelsson and White House Executive Chef Cristeta Comerford to "create a menu that reflects the best of American cuisine, continues this White House's commitment to serving fresh, sustainable and regional food, and honors the culinary excellence and flavors that are present in Indian cuisine," the White House said.The herbs and lettuces were harvested from the White House Kitchen Garden started by the first lady, and honey from the White House beehive is being used to poach the dessert pears.
On this day, he's come to tell Kenneth that he will be among the 16 students traveling in the spring to visit schools in Washington, D.C. "I'm thankful to be able to give back," Asomugha said.Kenneth asked nervously. "CNN's Traci Tamura and Gregg Canes contributed to this report.
Dr. Gupta will also investigate the longevity hot spots around the world and you can tap into the secrets of their success.Watch Vital Signs: The Clinic LIVE on CNN.com on Monday November 30, at 1200 GMT. (0700 ET, 2000 HK, 1300 CET)
The night before she was to go on stage, she was shot to death with three others in a home in Jupiter, Florida. "Officers were looking for Paul Michael Merhige, 35, who is thought to have left the area armed, said Jupiter police Sgt.CNN's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report.
Have we all turned forever frugal?Assuming, of course, they don't bring down the house -- this holiday season and beyond.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lee Eisenberg
And, no one can be above the law."Micheletti said that the police were there because the people inside the embassy requested the protection, and said, "We are not impeding the exit nor the entrance of absolutely anybody."Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report for CNN en Español.
No.His mother and father were eventually told that the boy had cerebral palsy.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene.
It wasn't appreciated how much of an impact [IBS] can have on a patient's quality of life," says one researcher.Health.com: Belly flab doubles mortality risk Prescription drugs that have been used to treat IBS include Amitiza, a drug for chronic constipation; Zelnorm, which was pulled from the market in 2007; and Lotronex, which was removed from the market because of potentially life-threatening side effects (although exceptions are now made for women with severe, diarrhea-prominent IBS who don't respond to other treatments).Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009
A White House photograph taken Tuesday evening shows Michaele Salahi, wearing a gold-accented red sari, clasping her hands around Obama's right hand as her smiling husband, Tareq, looks on.It also quoted her as saying that the Salahis live in Linden, Virginia, but receive mail at the winery.The company claims about $335,000 in assets and $965,000 in liabilities.
As well as posing hazards to the oceans through toxic contamination and to sealife through ingestion or being trapped in nets, unnatural transport systems could allow invasive species to be introduced to different areas and upset delicate ecosystems.The project now counts scientists, innovators, sailors and environmentalists among its ranks, galvanized around a desire to clean up the Pacific's plastic vortex.A further voyage next year hopes to gather more data and move closer to a practical solution to the ever increasing problem.
They had a year to work on it and solve it.Watch Peer describe her disappointment » Scott, meanwhile, confirmed: "Following various consultations, the Tour has decided to allow the tournament to continue to be played this week, pending further review by the Tour's Board of Directors. "CNN Dubai bureau chief Caroline Faraj contributed to this report
Speed kills According to a United Kingdom Department of Transportation study, speed really matters.Children are at particular risk because of their size, immature judgment and lack of experience with traffic rules.She contributes regularly to CNNhealth.com
The Wall Street bailout was a disaster in many ways, most notably as measured by the weak stock market and economic volatility.If politicians genuinely want to help the economy, they should focus on reducing the burden of government, not increasing it.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Mitchell.
Jamarat is a re-enactment of an event when Prophet Abraham stoned the devil and rejected his temptations, according to Muslim traditions.The only incident I saw was that there were some handicapped women who were turned away in fears that they get hurt."It's where pilgrims go around the black cube seven times counter-clockwise asking that their Lord accept their pilgrimage and grant them another visit to the holy city.
This is something that is very good for our state, it's good for our economy, it's good for public safety," Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn told reporters.The federal prison system houses approximately 340 inmates linked to international terrorism, including more than 200 tied to international incidents, another Obama official said.CNN's Jessica Yellin contributed to this report.
Many immigrants from Africa attempt to make the perilous journey across the Mediterranean in overcrowded boats.Approximately 20,000 would-be immigrants have been apprehended on European shores just this year alone, according to Frontex figures.Trips are becoming even riskier and these locally-manufactured fiberglass boats don't have the same rigidity."
Owens and his business associate, Patti Miller, have a grand vision for the diner and eventually want to incorporate it as part of an entertainment and historic area outside of Birmingham.A longtime collector of antique cars and Coca-Cola memorabilia, Owens is a firm believer in the lessons that can be learned from the past. "And that last order was to go.
An Iranian F-5 fighter jet lands in southern Iran during a military exercise on June 23, 2009.The F-5 engine and parts are listed on the U.S. Munitions List and may not be exported from the United States without a license from the State Department, said John Morton, head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and they can not be exported to Iran without a license from the Treasury Department.This is part of our long-standing efforts to ensure that sensitive military equipment is not exported in violation of U.S. law and against the international interests of the United States," Morton said.
Authorities are looking into the cause of the blaze, which took place at Caribbean Petroleum Corp., a storage complex on San Juan's bay that owns the Gulf brand in Puerto Rico.iReport.com: See, share, send images of the explosion Justin Gehrke, a U.S. Army civilian employee who filed an iReport for CNN, was taken aback by the sight of the thick black smoke and took photos of the scene from his iPhone. "I didn't expect to see a mushroom cloud from my house," he said.
President Obama says he chose Ghana partly because of the "democratic commitments" by President Mills.Ghana's government named a road after Bush to recognize his government's contribution towards the country's development.We welcome you to the Land of Gold."
Nancy Reagan, with House Minority Leader John Boehner, wipes away tears at Wednesday's event. "The 11-member commission will plan activities marking Reagan's 100th birthday on February 6, 2011.Reagan was president from 1981 to 1989.
I don't see people walking around the campus wearing masks," he said.Read about H1N1 facts » But Tinney said officials were surprised that the long Labor Day weekend, when most students left campus, did not do more to interrupt the virus' spread. "I guess we are an early test case of how this virus will spread over the population," Tinney said.
A black student was held against his will and then released with "KKK" and swastikas drawn on him in marker at the Model Secondary School for the Deaf on Sunday, she said.And I think they're supporting us in making a very strong statement that this investigation may lead to charges that could have enhanced penalties for a hate crime."E-mail to a friend
Please put forward your short and space-related questions in the Sound Off box below.We will put the best to him, and air his responses on "The Spirit of Space" in October.The Spirit of Space will air at the following times in October: Thursday 9 October: 1300, 1730 Saturday 11 October: 0700, 1730 Sunday 12 October: 0300, 0730, 1300
Woody Allen, whose "Vicky Cristina Barcelona" was widely praised, didn't receive his usual original screenplay nomination.The broadcast will air on ABC.Hugh Jackman is scheduled to host.
Despite many efforts, the van was never found and it remains unclear whether it holds a link to the puzzle. ''He came flying back up because she wasn't there,'' McKinney said.Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Cherrie Mahan or those responsible for her disappearance are asked to call the Pennsylvania State Police at (724) 284-8100.
I kept asking him for another drink, telling him the one before was too strong," she recalls.Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE!Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
The attorney said a "yet to be identified person or persons took it upon themselves to be the judge, jury and executioner for Mr. White." "We've had deaths in custody, but this could be a unique one."CNN's Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report.
Itaipu provides more than 19 percent of Brazil's energy and 87 percent of Paraguay's, Agencia Brasil said.said Rio de Janeiro resident Wesley Ferreira. "CNN's Alessandra Castelli and journalists Fabiana Frayssinet and Lucrecia Franco contributed to this report.
Harbhajan had Thilan Samaraweera caught in the leg-trap for one just before the tea interval.Mathews and Dilshan put Sri Lanka back on top again in the final session with a 74 stand which was ended when the opener was given out caught at short-leg off Harbhajan, with TV replays indicating he was unlucky.Prasanna Jayawardene made 43 in a sixth-wicket stand of 67 with Mathews, but he Nuwan Kulasekara and Rangana Herath fell in quick succession as India hit back again.
To grow the trees on a commercial scale, you've got to pack them in fairly close together, and at that point they become incredibly susceptible to blight and insect attacks.For more mental_floss articles, visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright, Mental Floss LLC.All rights reserved.
GM shocked German public officials when it announced earlier this week its decision to keep its European Opel and Vauxhall units and cancel a planned sale to Canadian firm Magna.GM promised to work with all the European labor unions on a plan for Opel's restructuring.CNN's Fred Pleitgen in Berlin, Germany, contributed to this report
In 1996, he was the Republican vice presidential nominee running with Sen. Bob Dole's presidential effort.He fought for his ideas with an intensity like that of very few men I have known.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins.
The two-day summit in Moscow was to help refocus a relationship that, according to Obama, "has suffered from a sense of drift" in recent years.That is why I have called for a 'reset' in relations between the United States and Russia," Obama said. "CNN's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report.
Other parts of the missile defense would fire short-range missiles at incoming warheads that are close to hitting their targets.Over the past seven years, the U.S. military has spent billions of dollars on the missile defense program.Pentagon officials have said that each missile defense test costs about $85 million.
The report is based on a slideshow that The Washington Post said Hasan used in the June 2007 presentation.Hasan came under investigation for a time last year when his communications with radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki were intercepted by terrorism investigators monitoring the cleric's communications, a federal law enforcement official said.A neighbor was charged with criminal mischief after that complaint.
Try giving your wallet a break by shopping at a dollar store.So what did Consumer Reports find?Certainly, there are some deals to be had, but you've got to be picky.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter told reporters in Cape Town that the Barcelona striker's "blatant unfair play" could land him in hot water. "It's a pity I communicated in this way.Sorry again."
The classic children's television show 'Sesame Street' turned 40 this week.CNN producers collaborated with iReporters to create a fun video alphabet that would make Jim Henson proud.iReporters of all ages also shared their memories of "Sesame Street" and how the show made an impact on their lives.
He came to visit that year, giving a speech in the college's beautiful cloisters.She freaked out some more.I think she takes after her mother.
Wilson has seen patients who fixate on visualizing themselves in the plane and who go so far as to seek out information such as how long the plane fell through the sky so they can intensify the reality of the experience in their minds. "Your body reacts to what you're seeing," he said.Finally, she let go of the medication and alcohol altogether and allowed her sense of trust to keep her calm.
Fifteen soldiers remained hospitalized on Wednesday, four in intensive care, according to Fort Hood spokesman Col.His mind was spinning.CNN's Sanjay Gupta and Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report.
File photo of the remote mountain Tora Bora region on the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan.The targets were carefully chosen to pinpoint enemy positions and eliminate the likelihood of harming innocent civilians," she said. "E-mail to a friend CNN's Joe Sterling contributed to this report.
His latest directorial effort, "Into The Wild," has received four SAG Award nominations and two Golden Globe nominations.Wright, 41, is best known for her title role in "The Princess Bride" and for starring opposite Tom Hanks in "Forrest Gump."E-mail to a friend
ABA techniques can produce significant behavior changes, however. "The trial gets repeated over and over so that the child learns that candy comes only as a result of the request.It looks promising, but we've got 10 more weeks to actually find out what's really going to work the best with Ryan," Tullis said.
When President Obama recently cited the number of Americans without health insurance, he declared that, "We are not a nation that accepts nearly 46 million uninsured men, women, and children."Indeed, since health reform was passed, according to state data provided to the Boston Globe, Massachusetts emergency rooms have reported a 7 percent increase in volume, which markedly inflates costs when you consider that emergency room treatment can be up to 10 times more expensive than an office visit for the same ailment.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Pho.
A grand jury has indicted Anthony Sowell on 85 counts, following the discovery of 11 sets of human remains at his Cleveland, Ohio, house in October.After the discovery of the 11 women, police in mid-November used thermal imaging in an attempt to see if any additional human remains were on the property and dug certain areas by hand.No more remains were found.
Allison Abbate, a producer on "Corpse Bride," added, "Stop motion is an age-old process as far as animation in film-making goes.We showed great films like National Film Board of Canada [pieces], or "Tin Toy" by John Lasseter, works of art, masterpieces that take two to three years to make, and we had to deal with, 'What is it?E-mail to a friend
Many had been in their posts for decades, and many, unlike the king, held their conservative upbringings more than half a century ago to be models for the country's future.On a recent visit to a shopping mall where religious police had taken a back seat for the past year, it seemed to me the octogenarian king is just about keeping up.The religious police were in the background, and among young girls in particular, headscarves were gone and lipstick was in bright abundance.
Maggie says she was never consistent or committed enough to stick with the program.Andy says people constantly teased him about his weight and he eventually withdrew.Send your story, photos and video E-mail to a friend
Efforts to reach lottery organizer Abe Spicola, who owns Lucky Times Pull Tabs, were unsuccessful late Monday.But Spicola told the Anchorage Daily News that Ahsoak "was going to buy a house and said he was going to donate part of it to God, and, you know, charity."CNN's Samira J. Simone and April Willliams contributed to this report.
You want to hang out with Jay," said Kyle Aevermann of Itasca, Illinois.Watch how the late-night scene is changing » And Leno?Leno, a major auto buff, must know what he means.
To be able to give freely is a right of all Americans."It's been tough for American Muslims post 9/11," he said. "This has to do with civic engagement, to be treated as full Americans."
Having been denied healthcare and education under the Taliban, Afghan women are now training as midwives Women and children in the landlocked Asian country have continuously paid the ultimate price throughout the decades of conflict and war.It will take many years to change mindsets instilled by decades of brutality.But these women prove that maybe, just maybe, the next generation can fix the mistakes of the last.
Anna Nicole Smith's boyfriend Howard K. Stern was among those charged Thursday.People think those drug dealers on the street corners are the only threat," he said. "As a matter of fact, people in white smocks and pharmacies and with their medical degrees are a growing threat, and we aim to curtail it and curb it in the best way we can."
Sex columnist Dan Savage is reporting on the GOP convention for HBO's "Real Time with Bill Maher."CNN: Why would "Real Time with Bill Maher" send a sex columnist to cover the Republican National Convention?'Cuz I feel like I have a right to know because we've invested over a billion dollars in abstinence education programs under George Bush.
Fernando Cutz, 21, said the group and Original Mother's in Chicago's Gold Coast neighborhood had reached an agreement that would also see the nightclub sponsoring four fundraisers and its managers attend diversity training classes. "There was no intention to admit white kids with baggy jeans and exclude black kids with baggy jeans," he told the Chicago Tribune newspaper.CNN's Susan Candiotti and Ross Leavitt contributed to this report.
The Florida Highway Patrol on Thursday released the audio recording of their interview of Wood's longtime neighbors who rushed out of their house in the early hours of last Friday to help Woods.The police report called his injuries serious, but a spokesman for Woods described them as minor.Woods cited the injuries as the reason for his decision not to attend his own charity golf tournament this week.
A biologist says that wherever he can get it, he'll take money to protect turtles from a killer stretch of road.But what sounds unreal to some in Washington is the solution to the turtle trouble: $3.4 million in federal stimulus money to build a series of walls and tunnels under the highway so the turtles and other creatures don't have to take on the cars and trucks roaring overhead.But after years watching the creatures die, and trying to slow the carnage with makeshift fences, he says he'll take the money wherever he can get it.
Firefighters kept the flames from spreading to other barns, officials told CNN affiliate WHIO-TV.State and local fire officials are working to determine what sparked the fire.Follow CNN affiliate WHIO's local coverage Follow CNN affiliate WLWT's local coverage Another barn fire at the fairgrounds killed 35 horses in 1988, Warren County Commissioner Pat South said, according to the Springfield (Ohio) News-Sun newspaper.
Pacquiao has greatly enhanced his reputation with successive wins over Oscar de la Hoya, Britain's Ricky Hatton and Cotto.Mayweather returned to the ring with a comfortable win over Juan Manuel Marquez and has the reputation for grossing massive receipts from his pay-per-view appearances.For the moment, Pacquiao will spend time at home with his wife, Jinkee, and three children and is also set to pursue his ambition to enter Filippino politics, standing for a congressional seat in his home island of Mindanao.
Critics of the service, however, find the attendance of leading decision-makers, including members of the highest court in the land, to be inappropriate. "There is no other institution that has this special way to talk to the justices on the Supreme Court."CNN's Elaine Quijano contributed to this report.
Police watch over travelers at New York's Grand Central Terminal before Thanksgiving.Graham said a biological attack was more likely than a nuclear one because it would be easier to carry out.CNN's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report.
I would like President Obama to honor that word and to free my 13 brothers who were left behind and all of the rest of the people who deserve to be free," Mamut said.I really don't want to think about those days."CNN's Don Lemon and Brian Vitagliano in Hamilton, Bermuda, and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report.
Sofiati said 20 people were killed.Mohammad Zein, a fire official, said the blaze started around 10 p.m., but firefighters were able to extinguish it within a half-hour.He said the cause of the fire was not known.
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio supervises an inmate relocation in Phoenix, Arizona.Arpaio told CNN's "American Morning" the allegations were "garbage" and said he would continue to use state laws to crack down on undocumented immigrants in his county. "CNN Correspondent Thelma Gutierrez contributed to this report.
Knox has appeared on the cover of People magazine, which shares a corporate parent with CNN.The Perugia courtroom still is packed, but the long line is gone.That is likely to change, however, as testimony shifts to the defense case.
But without the stimulus money, Marchione counters, the bridge may not have been built.As he pedaled on his bicycle to work, one Microsoft employee saw the issue in much simpler terms. "It's going to cut about two miles off my ride each day," he said.
But he said cooperation among federal and local agencies had made it possible to put a dent in gang operations.The sweep was part of the agency's Operation Community Shield anti-gang initiative, which started in 2005, and has resulted in arrests of more than 7,000 alleged members and their associates from more than 600 gangs, the agency said.E-mail to a friend CNN's Kelli Arena and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report.
The world's most expensive player helped Real bounce back from last weekend's 1-0 "El Clasico" defeat to Barcelona as the big-spending capital outfit came back from 2-1 down in an explosive final 20 minutes.Atletico Madrid moved further away from relegation trouble with a 2-0 victory at promoted strugglers Xerez, with star strikers Diego Forlan and Sergio Aguero scoring in each half.Uruguay international Forlan put Atletico ahead in the 29th minute from a cross by Jose Antonio Reyes, while Argentina's Aguero doubled the lead on 65 with a low shot from 12 yards.
They care a lot. "Both will appeal, attorneys said.CNN's Richard Greene and Hada Messia contributed to this report.
As required by law, the president issued a report Sunday explaining her reasons for making the proclamation for the province of Maguindanao. "the father of the accused mayor, saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself.Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao, which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation.
Do you mind doing it in front of me?"In the hospital, you can have the grandkids make a sign that says, 'Please wash your hands and keep Grandma healthy.' "CNN Medical News associate producer Jennifer Pifer and associate archive coordinator Sarah Edwards contributed to this report.
In the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, the Pentagon has shifted policies several times, both publishing numbers in news releases on particular engagements and firefights and also declaring it would not publish body counts.In the past some military officials have said the numbers have been part of individual releases to the media as a means of demonstrating success against enemy forces.Smith said, "We conduct operations not aimed at killing insurgents, although in many instances that is the outcome, but to over time clear areas of insurgency and give the people a chance to reconnect with official forms of governance and to rebuild their lives, socially and economically."
Rizwan Naseer, chief of Lahore's rescue service, also said 109 people were wounded.The attacker was wearing a suicide jacket with about 6 kilograms of explosives, said Shafqat Malik, head of the North West Frontier Province bomb disposal unit.CNN's Reza Sayah contributed to this report.
The costs of such procedures there are much lower than in other countries.Estimates say that 1 in 30 Argentines has gone under the knife, making surgeons here some of the most experienced on the globe.Medical tourism has seen a huge jump over the past decade, and is projected to be a $100 billion global industry by 2010, according to the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions.
The four suspects -- two 15-year-old boys, a 17-year-old girl and an 18-year-old man -- were taken into custody on Saturday, the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department said.In 2008, a 14-year-old Okinawa girl alleged that a Marine had raped her.CNN's Kyung Lah and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report.
The Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions said 69 people were arrested across the country during Wednesday's demonstrations.Amnesty International has demanded to know the whereabouts of human rights activist Jestina Mukoko, whom it said was abducted at dawn Wednesday by armed men in plainclothes posing as police.And angry, unpaid soldiers clashed with foreign currency exchangers and some civilians Monday, three days after troops who had failed to get cash from their banks looted shops they suspected to be illegally dealing in foreign currency.
As required by law, the president issued a report Sunday explaining her reasons for making the proclamation for the province of Maguindanao. "the father of the accused mayor, saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself.Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao, which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation.
Here is a timeline of the accounts reported by CNN.She was rushed to nearby Rawalpindi General Hospital, where doctors pronounced her dead.E-mail to a friend
But the affable 74-year-old is used to crossing cultural boundaries.I have big hope all Asiatic people and countries... everybody love music basically," he said. "Teaching has become, I think, more and more important my life, really."
If you've rewritten that résumé several times and sent out dozens of applications but your job search still shows no promise, you might not be the problem.All rights reserved.The information contained in this article may not be published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
Arabs and Turkmen want special measures to adjust for the increased numbers because they believe many of the Kurdish immigrants are there illegally.The Kurds insist there should be no special voting procedures and reject a United Nations' proposal that singles out Kirkuk for special treatment.The disagreements among the groups spurred the postponement of provincial elections in Kirkuk last January because officials there could not agree on how to apportion seats among the ethnic groups.
It would still need to be combined with the House bill, and then that final version would need to pass both the House and the Senate.He was appointed by President George W. Bush, and President Obama asked him to stay on the job.We'll see you then.
The United Nations has expressed alarm over the fighting and said there has been a "significant increase" in the number of people displaced in recent weeks.The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees estimates as many as 175,000 people have been affected by the conflict since 2004, U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said Tuesday.CNN's Mohammed Jamjoom and Elise Labott contributed to this report.
But months later, there's no sign of the money and the hotel has gone into radio silence.Any assistance that you can offer me would be greatly appreciated. --Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT, DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES, INC.
There's a few flare ups here and there, but if the winds pick up, we could still have some problems.So that's why we're holding off on letting people go back into the mandatory evacuated area," said Prince.California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency in San Bernardino County on Sunday so the state can mobilize agencies and equipment to help fight the fire.
With their football counterparts qualifying for the 2010 World Cup finals with a win over Bahrain earlier on Saturday, it was left to Graham Henry's men to complete the double.Winger Vincent Clerc capped a fine performance for the home side with a try.South Africa's points came from Morne Steyn with a penalty and drop-goal as well as converting a fine try by captain John Smit.
First, provide further access to capital.A few start-ups from the last century may be familiar: Disney, Burger King, Fed-Ex, CNN and Microsoft all started during a period of economic downturn.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy M. Wilkinson.
Thomas has found that many of his brothers suffer from the illness as well -- his fellow veterans, that is. "What I do all day long, is I tell myself in six months, I will probably be in much worse condition, and in six months I would give anything to be where I am today," he says. "So today I'm happy with what I have."
That was something that took courage, according to Mann: "He had Dillinger in him; that's something I sensed.J. Edgar Hoover, FBI director at the time, may have made Dillinger America's first Public Enemy No.It's time to view the banks and grown-ups for what they are."
Some of us want to get into the profession and this experience has been really valuable," said Jack Buckley, 18, who plays shepherd Gabriel Oak. "After getting permission from the school, Clarke sat down with Hardy's book during the school summer holidays and over two weeks wrote a screenplay.That's what makes me proud and if I've helped them on their way."
She said the crack numbed her pain.She lost weight.There's all kinds of beautiful things happening for me and my daughters right now."
Right now, we're not there."Doctors in Austria transplanted a tongue to a 42-year-old cancer patient.Musto described two possible applications: This would be a first step toward an electronic tongue and second, it could be a handheld device that would determine what sweetener and the amount.
On March 26, four additional men were fatally shot in the same city, the official said, adding that the victims had also been disowned by their relatives.The official declined to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media.Witnesses told CNN that a Sadr City cafe, which was a popular gathering spot for gays, was also set on fire.
He has an excellent record with the Greek age group teams, taking the under-19 team to the final of the European championship and leading the under-21 squad to the top of their European championship group.On other managerial news, Sinisa Mihajlovic has taken charge of Catania after the Serie A side dispensed with Gianluca Atzori on Monday.Former Bologna coach Mihajlovic has signed a two-year deal with Catania, who are second bottom of the Italian standings.
A mechanical device called a refreshable Braille display raises and lowers a set of pins to form characters, translating words on a computer screen into Braille.Stem cells may also hold promise for AMD.You pretty much have to be fearless," he said.
A poster in Malang, East Java, Indonesia, has under "dicari," or"wanted," Noordin Top.In February 2006, the FBI added Top to its list of 10 suspected terrorists who have not been charged in the United States, and are wanted only for questioning.CNN's Andy Saputra contributed to this report.
Leon Panetta, who has a strong background in economics, was chief of staff for President Bill Clinton.Our national strategies show little of the depth, brilliance and effectiveness of the domestic political strategies this country produces."Blair also is known in Navy circles for once trying to water-ski behind the destroyer he skippered, the USS Cochrane.
If he has his way, those products soon will be available at supermarkets and beach resorts on the communist island. "Like I said before, we're thinking about today as well as tomorrow."A tomorrow that would have U.S. tourists sipping American beer on Cuban beaches.
Blind from birth, Wonder's music has always reflected his concern with humanitarian and social issues.The popularity of Wonder's music at the White House is well known.I would say this to you: whatever your favorite is, is my favorite too."
But the BRDC felt we wanted this relationship to continue, and we were prepared to back the negotiating team, with the level of risk satisfactory for the deal to go ahead. "This announcement is tremendous news.It really does cement Silverstone as a motor sport venue and is incredibly satisfying for the BRDC to cement its relationship with F1."
Unlike so many judges who by virtue of being white and male simply assume their impartiality, Judge Sotomayor recognizes that all judges are affected by their background and their life experiences.In the next sentence immediately following the passage above, Judge Sotomayor says, "Let us not forget that wise men like Oliver Wendell Holmes and Justice [Benjamin] Cardozo voted on cases which upheld both sex and race discrimination in our society."The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sherrilyn Ifill.
Inside the conference center delegates will eat from a menu that is 65 percent organic and drink water that has come out of a tap rather than a bottle.Earlier this year, Copenhagen announced the aim of being carbon neutral by 2025.Perhaps the U.N. could take a leaf out of their host's book.
This finding confirms that greenhouse gas pollution is a serious problem," EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson said.Environmentalists hailed the EPA's announcement, with the nonprofit Environmental Defense Fund calling it a "historic step... [that] formally determined that global warming pollution 'endangers' the nation's human health and well-being." "CNN political correspondent Jessica Yellin contributed to this report.
Watch CNN's Randi Kaye report on Obama's promises » In fiscal year 2008, the Air Force dismissed 56 women and 34 men.In addition, the Army removed more women under the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy at a greater rate than men when compared with the ratio of women to men in each service.Of those discharged under the policy, 36 percent were women, although women make up only 14 percent of troops in the Army, the data showed.
Sporting were already through as group winners.Last season's UEFA Cup finalists Werder Bremen beat Athletic Bilbao 3-0 to top Group L, with both guaranteed their spots in Friday's draw.Bremen netted three times in the opening 36 minutes through Claudio Pizarro, Naldo and Markus Rosenberg to complete a comfortable win.
E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters.All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
KBR managers knew full well long ago that this stuff was incredibly dangerous.Only then did the National Guard begin efforts to find the men, some of whom had already been back in the United States for four years.An estimated 275 American soldiers may have been exposed to the chemical at the water plant, over a period of months through mid- to late-2003.
Outside his home in New Jersey, David Goldman told reporters he was heartened by the news, but would not consider his efforts successful until he and the boy are reunited. "Remember, this is an abducting family, they're kidnappers, but they have had a great deal of sway with the court."CNN's Jill Dougherty contributed to this story.
Low vitamin D levels also may increase a child's risk of developing heart disease later in life, experts say.Children with darker skin are more likely to be deficient in vitamin D because they have more melanin than their fairer counterparts.Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009
Speculation has surfaced of late regarding a potential takeover, yet it is unclear whether a buyer would automatically be granted an entry on the basis of Toyota's signature on the Concorde.In a statement, the FIA said: "Toyota Motorsport GmbH remains formally bound by the Concorde Agreement to put forward a team for participation, though it has indicated that it will not be in a position to do so. "An announcement will be made regarding this entry in due course."
A salesgirl arranges powdered milk in China's Sichuan province in September.Another 294,000 infants suffered from urinary problems, such as kidney stones.The dairies also raised money to cover medical bills for any after-effects suffered as a result of the poisoning, the association said.
Sadly, the first reference the employer gets in such cases is from colleagues after employment has begun."Employers are more likely to check the informal, but tangible, behavioral reference sources like LinkedIn, Facebook, credit history [or] criminal history than the more subjective references provided by candidates," he said. "The information contained in this article may not be published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority.
Robertson is likely to be the only person in the world outside of the Alinghi team to get her hands on the wheel of the spectacular 90-foot catamaran.Will this boat, just a few months old, become an instant classic?And in a report from the Perini Navi Cup in Sardinia, boat builders and skippers of the most glamorous luxury yachts on the planet explain what makes their machines the classics of the future.
New Mexico, I think, as I make my way down the ladder at Bandelier and later, watch my daughters knead the dough for Pueblo bread at the Hyatt Tamaya, under the watchful eye of a member of the Santa Ana Pueblo, can be a terrific winter vacation bet for families whose members are not all equally enthusiastic about spending their entire vacation on the slopes.The 350-room resort, halfway between Albuquerque and Santa Fe, sits on 500 sprawling acres of a 73,000-acre reservation and is one of the largest resorts ever built on Native American land.Copyright 2009 EILEEN OGINTZ, DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES, INC.
Reports in Italy have claimed a heated argument took place between Mourinho and Ramazzotti outside the team bus.Mourinho has not commented on the incident but Moratti told the club's official Web site: "For the moment I don't want to comment as I still don't have all the facts, but I'm sorry. "I will talk to the head of the union to find out what he means by energetic action."
Actress Maria Nafpliotou, as a high priestess, lights the flame for the Vancouver 2010 Olympics on Thursday.Today we build a bridge between ancient Olympia and young Canada," he said. "The flame is due to arrive in Vancouver, British Columbia, on February 12 when the opening ceremony of the 2010 Winter Games will be held at the domed BC Place Stadium.
The horrific incident spread shockwaves through New York City nightlife, which relies heavily on unlicensed bouncers to keep order in the city's bars and nightclubs.Littlejohn is being held at New York's Rikers Island maximum security facility.CNN's Chris Kokenes and Kristen Hamill contributed to this report
You'll get a chance to make your opinion known on at 7 p.m. ET Wednesday on the CNN National Report Card.But, should Congress fail to act, Roosevelt would ask for "broad executive power to wage a war against the emergency, as great as the power that would be given to me if we were, in fact, invaded by a foreign foe," he warned in his inaugural address.Presidents can no longer count on the kind of bipartisan cooperation FDR got in 1933 -- even at a time of crisis.
It is against the law to report a crime when there was not one, the district attorney said. "Her actions and her demeanor depict a very troubled young woman in need of much help," Rice said.Hofstra University has suspended Ndonye.
Motown founder Berry Gordy, who gave Jackson and his brothers their first big record deal, and Quincy Jones, who produced Jackson's "Thriller" album, were there.A summary of the coroner's report said the anesthetic propofol and the sedative lorazepam were the primary drugs responsible for the singer's death.Los Angeles police detectives have not concluded their criminal investigation and no one has been charged.
Polls reflect that most Americans approve of President Obama's performance during his first 100 days in office.That wasn't true for George W. Bush eight years ago, and it may be one reason why Obama's approval rating is still in the 60s."iReport.com: Grade the first 100 days The poll of polls does not have a sampling error.
As he and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton converse in a private room aboard Air Force One, a photographer peers through the half-open door and snaps a candid picture of the formerly bitter campaign rivals.He acknowledged that Reagan was probably more formal, but told CNN he sees similarities between the two.I don't look at him as the African-American president, I look at him as the president."
However, England striker Defoe smashed his penalty too close to Howard and the keeper pulled off a fine save to give out-of-form Everton a morale-boosting point.The result means Tottenham remain in fourth place, behind north London rivals Arsenal, while Everton have now won just one of their last nine league games.In the day's other match, Bobby Zamora scored the only goal of the game as Fulham beat Sunderland 1-0 to move up to eighth place in the table.
The suspects identified each other for police in photo lineups, the complaint says.We are not making this up," he said. "It is sick, but in the Holocaust they did use skin for lamps."
Or did they simply call in the police to help them break their contract with an Internet contest similar to the reality TV show "Big Brother"?Audience members were also encouraged to send "virtual gifts" to the contestants, like pink panties, beer, chocolate and a pearl necklace.The mother of the young man who killed himself, has since gone on to host another reality match-making TV show.
U.S. soldiers crouch at their positions during a mission in Baquba, northeast of Baghdad, earlier this month.Much has changed in Iraq since January 2007, when the president announced 'The New Way Forward.'This strategy should build on recent security and legislative gains, address the remaining unmet goals and challenges for the near and long term, clearly articulate goals, objectives, roles and responsibilities, and the resources needed," he said.
Milan announce that Rino Gattuso has extended his contract with the club until 30 June 2012," said a statement on the club's official Web site.Gattuso, who turns 32 next month, has spent the last decade with Milan after spells with Perugia, Glasgow giants Rangers and Salernitana early in his career.He also has 70 caps for Italy and was a member of the World Cup-winning squad in 2006.
Heralded as the "hottest artist on the classical music planet" by The New York Times, 27-year-old Lang Lang has played sold out recitals and concerts in every major city in the world.Join Revealed for a glimpse into a musical genius' life.www.cnn.com/revealed Watch Lang Lang on Revealed in November at the following times: Wednesday 18 November: 0930, 1730 Saturday 21 November: 0930, 1800, 2130 Sunday 22 November: 0630, 1830, 0400 (all times GMT)
The move comes as users increasingly are bypassing their TV sets and heading straight to the Web -- both legally and illegally -- to watch their favorite shows.To access the content, users simply need to log in with their Comcast e-mail address at fancast.com.The site is offering live online help, including help retrieving those addresses.
Now, a new study suggests that women who are treated with antidepressants are more likely to give birth early or to have newborns that need to spend time in a neonatal intensive care unit.Every single case should be considered individually, and the decision should be made by the woman and her ob-gyn and psychiatrist," she says.Health.com: Why you cannot wait to treat postpartum depression Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009
Properties near ground zero of the December 22 Tennessee spill are covered in sludge.I would imagine that things would be done differently," Hope said.CNN's Brooke Baldwin, Taylor Gandossy and Mike Phelan contributed to this report.
The European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) issued a directive in late August requiring airlines to replace pitot tubes manufactured by Thales Avionics on Airbus A330s and A340s.It said airlines should replace them with other Thales tubes and those manufactured by Goodrich. --CNN's Luc Lacroix contributed to this report
Starting from pole is important since the (first) corner is far away," he added.Spaniard Dani Pedrosa (Honda) was 0.736sec behind Rossi while Australian Stoner was fourth at 0.937sec.Ducati rider Stoner, who finished ahead of Rossi in last weekend's Australian Grand Prix to take the win, is third in the world championship standings, with Pedrosa fourth on a Honda.
It is a far cry from his initial architectural fascination with concrete, in part inspired by the Olympic stadium designed by Kenzo Tange for the 1964 Games in Tokyo. "After we find out the atmosphere of the place, we will think how we can relate that with the architecture."A variety of people are interested in Japanese architecture and traditions and this is parallel to why sushi is popular in Western country."
This is a great move," said Helene Gayle, president of CARE, an international humanitarian agency that focuses on empowering women and girls in developing nations. "It recommended that the United Nations create a dynamic agency focused on gender equality and women's empowerment.And treats them differently, once they step inside.
He practiced, he watched James Brown and Jackie Wilson and Diana Ross and he watched his brothers.There is no moonwalk down memory lane about Michael.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danyel Smith.
You can look out over Sparrow Hills and see the endless glittering skyline, or settle down somewhere like Gogol (Metro: Tverskaya) for vodka-enhanced beverages and music from around the world.View more photos of Moscow » At the university, I had to present a special ID card to one set of guards at the entrance, a dorm pass to another crew, and then confront a third layer of hallway-based security before arriving at my room.We took turns playing (thus, my failed-love song "Sad Panda" debuted on a new continent) and, in broken but passionate English, he told me how he wished he could sound like the Russian-American pianist Vladimir Horowitz, and said he often comes with his friend to play around 9 p.m. As if it were the end of a great Russian novel, I never heard music in that hallway again.
Businessman Mike Meehan says he has put up three billboards such as this one around Orlando, Florida. "Florida resident Mary Anderson told WFTV she doesn't see politics when she's looking at the billboard. "Just looking at it, I'm not thinking about Democrat or Republican, I'm thinking about the twin towers and all the people killed," she told WFTV.
Each unit costs about $500 to make.They also come with a chain and padlock to prevent it from being stolen.CNN's Traci Tamura and Gregg Canes contributed to this report.
An increasing number of people are refusing to identify themselves with a party, and looking at issues.But the reality is that when you have only one party that truly makes a play for those voters, of course you will see such disparities!E-mail to a friend
The vast , boundless expanse of outer space stirred my soul."View the photo gallery to learn more about the history of China's space program.From out of this world moments to their place in Chinese history, these two pioneering spacemen tell CNN's John Vause about their missions, how they had prepared for the worst should things go wrong and if China and other nations with the moon in their sights are creating a new international space race.
Though the stories committed to celluloid vary in their approach - from The Stooges comedic farce entitled "Three Little Beers," to the Ben Hogan biopic "Follow the Sun," - the central attraction of golf remains at all the film's core.Here is CNN's best ten golf movies ever made - do you agree with our selection?If there is another film you feel should be included then add your comments to the Sound Off below.
The figurine is small -- about 6 centimeters high by 4 centimeters wide -- but very detailed, archaeologists say. "Behind every object there are people.And, for us, the most important thing is to try to tell the stories behind these items."
Soldiers stand by as pilgrims gather Sunday in Karbala for al-Arbaeen, one of holiest days on the Shiite calendar.Karbala's main holy site is the gold-domed Imam Hussein Shrine.Other developments CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
A scholar says President Obama could learn from Lyndon Johnson's Great Society mistakes.He also has to contend with bitter partisanship and a public that's suspicious of big government programs. "It works well in getting legislation through Congress, but it sets the nation up for disillusionment when the promised Utopia didn't materialize."
Plastic flowers and banners hang on cars destroyed in Wednesday's bombings in Baghdad.The suspects had planned to bomb Camp Arifjan in Kuwait during Ramadan, Kuwaiti security sources told CNN.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report.
Their bad behavior is a derivative of the questionable quality of the political debate they listen to every day.Especially when the choices are not easy.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger.
Under the House Democrats' plan, the federal government will run an anticipated deficit of $1.2 trillion in the next fiscal year.House Democrats agreed to extend the middle class tax cut that was included in the recently passed economic stimulus plan, but failed to specify how the cut would be paid for after 2010.CNN's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report
Therapists are working to help him walk more easily and regain a range of motion in his arms and legs, Pizano said.She told CNN, "He's such inspiration to me.Seeing him go through this -- I know the rest of his life, he's going to have challenges, but nothing is going to ever amount to what he has gone through now, and what he's going to go through for the next several months."
Voting nearly doubled after the June results, when organizers said about 50 million votes had been cast.Things are just going ballistic."E-mail to a friend
Calendars like this one featuring the movie "Twilight" are big sellers.The popularity] is growing every year," said Bressani, whose company has chosen Bond girl Olga Kurylenko to appear in the upcoming 2010 calendar. "You can enjoy the pictures on the Web, but it's a different feeling when you have the calendar in your hands."
Umar recently declared that Mehsud had not been killed in the drone strike on his father-in-law's house, but a senior Pakistani official said Umar had admitted under questioning that Mehsud was dead.The top U.S. envoy to the region, Richard Holbrooke, said the Pakistani Taliban have not confirmed his death because of an ongoing power struggle over his successor.Journalist Janummah Hashaimzada contributed to this report.
PARS is a custom program, designed in the early '90s to check and double-check the constant buying and selling of U.S. debt.Saling says.And they are more than happy that way.
Matthews will be booked on two counts of first degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, Hicks said.As he was escorted in for questioning, in response to a reporter's question about the shooting, the Matthews replied numerous times: "I couldn't get my unemployment, they wouldn't give me my unemployment."CNN's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report.
That's one way to see Anthony Marshall -- and it's the only way, according to the prosecutors who secured a conviction against him for grand larceny and scheming to defraud his mother, Brooke Astor.During trial testimony, Marshall's lawyers called no character witnesses to come to his defense.CNN's Beth Karas and Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report.
Scott Roeder, 51, is set to stand trial January 11 on one count of first-degree murder in the death of Dr. George Tiller, who was shot to death at his church May 31.Roeder, however, filed a 100-page motion on his own behalf, Sedgwick County District Attorney Nola Foulston said Tuesday, on the necessity defense, acknowledging it previously has been unsuccessful.I can't make a pretrial ruling and just make a broad-brush approach," he said.
But the BRDC felt we wanted this relationship to continue, and we were prepared to back the negotiating team, with the level of risk satisfactory for the deal to go ahead. "This announcement is tremendous news.It really does cement Silverstone as a motor sport venue and is incredibly satisfying for the BRDC to cement its relationship with F1."
The event is held July 7-14.Six bulls and a pack of tame steers run from the corrals, through Pamplona's old town, to the bullring -- where the bulls will die later in the day in a bullfight.Including the recent death, 14 people have been killed in the runs since 1924, when record-keeping began.
At one point, authorities in Portugal had named the girl's parents as suspects, along with a British man living in Portugal, Robert Murat.But a spokesman for the Portuguese public prosecutor's office said in July 2008 that authorities found no evidence of involvement by any of the three and were no longer considering them suspects.Portuguese investigators closed the case in July 2008.
Young people ages 15-29," Salehi-Isfahani reports, "make up 35 percent of the population but account for 70 percent of the unemployed."This is a deeply false dichotomy that projects a flawed picture to the outside world.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamid Dabashi.
That was the common ground, thinking about how we could contribute to bettering our community.How does that resonate with you?Boy, that's going to be my gift for the year.
The post of prime minister was abolished.Khamenei, now 70, was briefly minister of defense and head of Iran's Revolutionary Guards in the early 1980s before becoming president, a post he held from 1982 to 1990.That is true, but then you cannot expect them to keep doing things the same way."
But the deal collapsed and the government set off this offensive.Sufi Muhammad was arrested in Peshawar in late July, accused of encouraging violence.His ransacked house was the last stop on our tour.
In the present crisis, opposition leader Moussavi has had to take his grievance to the Guardian Council.He was, however, hamstrung at every step by stiff resistance from the supreme leader and the Guardian Council.This report includes information from various sources, including the U.S. State Department, the CIA Factbook, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, previous CNN reports and guest commentaries.
Mehdi Karrubi says an "impartial committee" is needed to investigate alleged mistreatment of detainees.Kahrizak's chief was fired and arrested over allegations of detainee mistreatment, according to local reports Saturday.Rafsanjani himself has been accused of helping fuel the post-election unrest as part of recent mass trials of the remaining detainees over the past week.
A new Gallup poll shows that the American people are starting to catch on that Democrats are pushing the country to a place that it doesn't want to go.It was only four-and-a-half years ago that the GOP was on the top of the world, and some of their more smug strategists were confidently predicting a permanent Republican majority.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Feehery.
That work is intended to dampen vibration on the structure.The bridge is "really showing its age," he said. "It's kind of a race against time to finish the new bridge before the next quake hits."
The main objective for Afghanistan and its allies is to defeat terrorism and return peace to the nation, neighboring Pakistan and the region, Karzai said.I have fired people and I will be firing people," Karzai said.At present, there are 68,000 U.S. troops operating under both NATO and U.S. commands in Afghanistan, and around 42,000 non-U.S. forces under NATO.
Frank Hatley was ordered to make back payments even after he learned a teenager wasn't his son.For 13 years, Hatley made payments to the state until learning in 2000 that the boy might not be his.Cook County, Georgia, is in the south-central part of the state, about 200 miles south of Atlanta.
We are hoping that legislators can quietly, in private talks with the governor, ask him if he would please step down," McCall said.He wrote in a message to his political action committee e-mail list Monday that while he considered resigning, "I would ultimately be a better person and of more service in whatever doors God opened next in life if I stuck around to learn lessons rather than running and hiding down at the farm."To be very clear: no public money was ever used in connection with this."
Riot police patrol a Tehran street earlier this week.While there are divisions within the clerical establishment and in parliament, sources tell me that for now that does not threaten the ruling establishment.At this moment, however, it is impossible to know how this contest of wills -- and powers -- will play out.
Obama marked his 100th day in office Wednesday with a town hall meeting and later a news conference. "They call on us to clear away the wreckage of a painful recession, But also, at the same time, lay the building blocks for a new prosperity.CNN's Ed Henry contributed to this report.
They will identify more with him as a coach because he led the national side in the 1998 African Cup of Nations and took them to the 2002 World Cup finals."Sono has proved to be as astute off the pitch as he was on it and has become a successful businessman, owning a number of companies around Johannesburg.And the current South African squad will be looking to carry on his footballing legacy when they attempt to become the first African team to win the World Cup next year.
A Turkish army convoy heads toward the Turkey-Iraq border on Monday.During operations near the border on Monday, Turkish forces fired on suspected rebel positions.E-mail to a friend
Gates, who is on an unannounced visit in the war zone, held a joint news conference with Karzai. "Our relationship with Afghanistan is a long-term commitment," Gates said. "Karzai was originally expected to submit the list on Tuesday.
European pilots and cabin crew are calling for shorter flying times to protect passenger safety.400 ECA members are expected to attend the protests at Madrid airport. "The ECA represents over 38,000 pilots and flight engineers in 36 European countries.
The exact cause of Nico's sudden death on Saturday is inconclusive from the initial necropsy or animal autopsy.Nico arrived in Atlanta with Gaspar, two whales obtained from a park in Mexico.CNN's Dave Alsup contributed to this report.
Grigorieva and Gibson were first photographed together on the set of his movie "Edge of Darkness," according to People magazine.What I most like to talk about is my music and 'Beautiful Heartache.'And that's pretty much it."
In high school, Peñaflorida faced a new set of challenges.They are all victims of poverty."Check out the Dynamic Teen Company and see how to help.
First lady Michelle Obama dazzled in a Jason Wu original gown.Watch the Obamas enjoy the night » She prefers bright, cheerful shades such as yellow, electric blue, red and purple, and has been seen on multiple occasions in head-to-toe looks from moderately priced American retailer J.Crew.Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Youssif has undergone more than a dozen surgeries.He currently has yet another tissue expander in his left cheek, intended to stretch out "good skin" to be used to replace his scar tissue.Now he says "I want to be a doctor to help burned Iraqi children."
Within two weeks, that boy and his classmates would be programming.The hope is that with corporate sponsorships and donations, collected through a program called Give One Get One, the computers can be delivered to kids at no cost to the poorest host-country governments.I can learn how to use the keyboard.... Yes ma'am, my laptop can do many things."
Hamid Karzai failed to score a first round win in August's election.The International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan said that it would "support the Afghan National Security Forces' preparations to ensure a safe runoff election."Such a delay, he warned, would be a "recipe for disaster" that would create confusion in Afghanistan and heighten tension between the United States and Karzai's government.
Alternatively, consider the outcome in New Jersey, where Republican Chris Christie knocked off incumbent Gov. Jon Corzine.But Obama was the least of Corzine's problems: Voters in Tuesday's election approved of Obama's performance 57 percent to 43 percent, according to exit polling.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nate Silver.
Kitchen staff at Silk and Soya restaurant in Spain wear face masks and gloves while preparing food.The World Health Organization's Web site states that hand-washing is one of the best ways to prevent infection and provides instructions with drawings that can be printed and posted in public places, such as restaurants.As of September 13, the WHO had tallied more than 296,000 cases worldwide, 3,486 of them fatal.
We realized that we made a big mistake and that the devil got to us and said, 'Get out of the jungle,'" Pratt said. "We realized it's not even about us. "It's about the charity, and it's about the experience here and we took that for granted," she said.
You hear that a lot, or phrases like that, during this presidential campaign.Rachel Army, a teacher with a Washington, D.C. non-governmental organization, said: "I have a lot of pride in our government however, at the same time, it is ours and I don't think that it is right to force it on other people."E-mail to a friend
The movie is Drew Barrymore's directorial debut (she also plays fellow Hurl Scout Smashley Simpson), and it's clear she's more attuned to grrrlishness than real athletic power: Smashley is the first to scream ''Food fight!''and the 34-year-old actress leads the charge in kidlike mayhem.EW Grade: C+ CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Staff Sgt.The company did not properly ground and inspect electrical equipment, the inspector general's report found, while Maseth's commanders failed to ensure that renovations to the building where he was based had been properly done.Almost 14,000 deficiencies have been corrected, the department said.
The British actor pulled off a convincing American accent in the cult classics "Reservoir Dogs" and "Pulp Fiction."In a review for Entertainment Weekly, critic-at-large Ken Tucker wrote that "Like 'Monk' and 'Psych' and 'The Mentalist,' 'Lie' offers us an eccentric who's brought in by law enforcement to solve crimes."I try not to take it home."
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres brings years of experience in front of a live audience to her role. "With sadness in my heart, I've decided not to return to Idol.I'll miss nurturing all the new talent, but most of all being a part of a show that I helped from day 1 become an international phenomenon," a statement on Abdul's verified Twitter account said last month.
Panama denied those allegations in the 2006 human rights commission report.Officials at the Panamanian embassy in Washington did not return a telephone request Tuesday from CNN for comment on the latest development.The human rights commission consists of seven members who act in a personal capacity, without representing any country, and who are elected by the OAS General Assembly.
The Nunez family started as a Jewish name," Moshe Nunez says. "He says he hopes to share his teachings with all of mankind, regardless of religion, to help them lead a more meaningful life. "Sharing the knowledge of Torah to the world through education, songs and acts of kindness will help ensure that what happened to the Marranos during the Inquisition will never happen again."
Caster Semenya celebrates her gold at the world championships in Berlin.There were too many uncertainties with mouth swabs, so the IAAF abandoned them in 1991 and the International Olympic Committee discontinued them in 2000.A proper test has yet to be found, the IAAF said, and the current tests are considered a good interim solution.
When trying to leave, abusers may get more violent," Khaw said.Recognition of the five-step process can be helpful to abused women, Hardesty said. "Not all women are ready to leave, but recognizing it's a process can be empowering," she said.
Instead she paints a picture of what it would be like if I were in an Oval Office meeting with the president. "You can tell I'm uncomfortable with this," she says when I try to get her to focus more on her role.Not a day goes by I don't pinch myself and treasure this experience and opportunity to serve this president who also happens to be my friend."
She sighs, "What causes men to rape -- I wish I had an answer to that."Commanders have frequently failed to stop sexual violence and may themselves be guilty of war crimes or crimes against humanity as a consequence."Caught in the middle are the innocents: women, girls and fathers struggling to get justice.
The report says the stabilization of financial markets has meant less investment in agriculture, food distribution. "An additional 265 million live in sub-Saharan Africa while 95 million come from Latin America, the Caribbean, the Near East and North Africa.We know what is needed to meet urgent hunger needs -- we just need the resources and the international commitment to do the job," Sheeran said.
What happened to you as a child??The stars' behavior might have long-lasting consequences, Wilson added. "I wouldn't be surprised if MTV banned alcohol [at the event] next year," he said.
Roy Bennett talks to the press in March 2009, a few moments after being released on bail. "State prosecutor Chris Mutangadura said the development was a "natural effect of the law." "He said it was a "serious abuse of the law, which will affect the coalition government," and added, "We are not going to sit and watch this abuse go on."
Lubna al-Hussein was arrested with 18 other women this month for wearing indecent clothes.She has been released to her home in Khartoum.CNN's Umaro Djau, Talia Kayali and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report.
The international agreement standardizes laws, but only among participating countries.Japanese family law follows a tradition of sole custody divorces.CNN's Kyung Lah in Tokyo, Japan, and Aaron Cooper, Saeed Ahmed and Carolina Sanchez in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report.
Briton Gary McKinnon is accused of carrying out the biggest ever U.S. military hacking operation.U.S. federal prosecutors accuse McKinnon of breaking into military, NASA and civilian networks and accessing computers at the Pentagon; Fort Benning, Georgia; Fort Meade, Maryland; the Earle Naval Weapons Station in Colts Neck, New Jersey; and the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, among others.They sometimes have difficulty knowing when to start or end a conversation and can be very literal in what they say, with difficulty understanding jokes, metaphors and sarcasm.
Scores were slightly higher in the 2009 report than they were in 2007, but Duncan said more needs to be done. "Our students need to graduate high school ready to succeed in college and the workplace," he said.The National Assessment of Educational Progress results "are a call to action to reform the teaching and learning of mathematics and other related subjects in order to prepare our students to compete in the global economy."
Dawn Warfield sold one of her two video stores to help reduce her debts.Are you fighting the recession, using innovative techniques to stay ahead in this economy or overcoming financial adversity?Share your story with us by sending an e-mail to realstories@cnnmoney.com , and you could be profiled in an upcoming segment on CNN.
We may not be able to say precisely say, 'This pig farm spawned this virus' and all that, but I think it's very important to face the facts about what kinds of ecological settings are spawning danger," said Laurie Garrett, senior fellow for global health at the Council on Foreign Relations.The 2009 H1N1 virus is a reassortment of swine, human and avian genes.When you're in a genetic arms race like this, we're always going to be fighting this battle," he said.
Los Angeles police are also investigating the death.Detectives traveled to Houston, Texas, this week to search the medical office of Dr. Conrad Murray, Jackson's personal doctor.CNN's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report
Two people died and were 19 injured after spending up to two hours inside this "sweatbox" at an Arizona resort.In that appearance, Ray was about to address 3,000 people in Phoenix, Arizona.Moreno told the station he has never been to a lodge that held more than 20 people.
President Obama called Nicola, currently deployed in the Arabian Gulf, to extend a personal holiday greeting, according to a Navy spokesman.Presidents have traditionally called members of the military during the holiday season.Obama told reporters Thursday that he was planning to call "a few" service members this year "and wish them merry Christmas and to thank them for their extraordinary service."
Salmonella can lead to a condition called Reiter's syndrome that involves joint pain, eye irritation and painful urination.About 76 million cases of food borne disease occur annually in the United States, the CDC said.The doctors told me that the body will fight it off better" since he had the infection as a teenager.
Everything is teaching us all the same path.RZA writes in the book that he once witnessed ODB force his own son to watch him do drugs.CNN's Kyle Almond contributed to this report.
In a security video she is seen struggling with officers as they drag her down a concourse.An internal police investigation and one by the city found that the police did not violate any laws.But Gotbaum's husband, Noah, filed suit claiming the officers were negligent in leaving her unattended in a disoriented state.
Except both women wound up wearing similar bow-tied coats -- Mrs. Obama's floral print number by the American designer Thakoon, and her counterpart's, a dove-gray look by the French house of Dior.See photos of the first lady's outfits » You would have thought each of the first lady's "face offs," as both American and British tabloids labeled her meetings with Queen Elizabeth II, Britain's first lady Sarah Brown, and France's Carla Bruni-Sarkozy, had been deliberately set up as counter-programming to C-SPAN's coverage of the budget negotiations in Congress.Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
General Rookmangud Katawal gestures after inspecting the guard of honour in New Delhi on December 12, 2007.The Cabinet named an interim army chief, but presidential spokesman Rajendra Dahal told CNN that 18 parties in Nepal's parliament asked Yadav to keep Katawal on the job.There was no immediate reaction from the government on the president's decision.
Police boats pass under Greenpeace activists as they hang from a bridge near the G-20 summit.They fear it would put economies at risk for plunging back into recession.On its Web site, the group said it wanted to send a message to G-20 leaders with the nearly 80-by-30-foot sign, calling for more attention to the issue of global climate change.
A word must make 25,000 appearances to be deemed legitimate.English has the tradition of swallowing new words whole," he said. "And, while he says other languages are being stamped out by English's expansion, it's a powerful thing that so many people today are able to communicate with such a vast list of words.
It's been a great car," remarked Keith Slep who runs an auto repair shop a few miles from the factory.At 94, G.W. Bowman has lived in Spring Hill most of his life and remembers stories of his grandfather collecting the mail in the area during the Civil War.With Saturn gone and the local plant preparing to idle, Bowman said, "Of course, it's going to hurt, but it's not going to kill Spring Hill."
Elizabeth Taylor has used Twitter to share personal information. "She was briefly hospitalized this summer for "scheduled testing," she said at the time.The London-born movie star has won two Academy Awards for best actress: first for "Butterfield 8" in 1961 and then for "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf" in 1967.
Forrest was the International Boxing Council junior welterweight champion in 1995, the World Boxing Council continental welterweight champion in 1997, the North American Boxing Federation welterweight champion from 1998 to 2000, the International Boxing Federation welterweight champion in 2001, the WBC welterweight champion in 2002-2003, and the WBC light welterweight champion in 2007-2008 and 2008-2009, according to the BoxRec Web site.He was named the World Boxing Hall of Fame fighter of the year in 2002, according to BoxRec.CNN's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report.
BMW has its HQ here -- auto fans should motor over to its museum.For more down-to-earth shopping a few steps from Marienplatz is the Viktualienmarkt and Schrannenhalle, the former offering food and drink from across Europe and the re-built Schrannenhalle housing a buzzy mix of shops and places to grab a bite to eat.Send in your travel tips for the Bavarian city using the Sound Off box below.
Three flu shot manufacturers were licensed by the FDA last week. "Health care workers may not necessarily be among them.In the past, only about 40 percent of health care workers have been vaccinated against flu, according to the CDC.
Random acts of violence like the one we saw here today are almost not preventable."Coral Gables is about 8 miles southwest of Miami.CNN's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report.
According to a "Backstage Chat" on the show, Keillor got the idea for it from watching the Grand Ole Opry.Keillor, also a storyteller and satirist, has written 11 books, including three for children.He was inducted into the Radio Hall of Fame in 1994.
She termed the removal of her cancer "successful" and was back on the bench 18 days later when the high court resumed oral arguments.Ginsburg, who was appointed by President Clinton, has been on the Supreme Court since 1993.She was the second woman appointed to the court.
That was the fateful trip on May 3. "He called her sentence "heartbreaking."That makes Suu Kyi ineligible because she married a British man and has two sons with him.
The FBI?Smarty condescension lurks behind the suburban bushes.EW Grade: B CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Those who can afford it donate a small percentage of their possession or its equivalent to the poor and needy so they too can avail themselves for the celebrations.It's a feeling of such unity and brotherhood.You have to believe that with that spirit present, anything is possible."
Later they exploited it by making any movie and throwing the term 'black' in front of it and that's what made it exploitive."The films came out at a time when black people were learning about themselves and flexing their creative muscles," Potts said. "To me, there was a lot of fun, had a lot of energy and while it always wasn't perfect by any means there was so much life in it that I hope people take another look."
She had been strangled.Raymond Clark III, 24, a lab technician at Yale, is charged with murder in Annie Le's death.CNN's Monica Trevino and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report.
ESPN's Colin Cowherd explained his aversion on his radio show last month, saying fantasy football was too time-consuming and, in his experience, for "total nerds and geeks." "He went so far as to question the sanity of some fantasy players who might ignore his product. "If you are playing fantasy sports and you have Tom Brady on your team, you'd be crazy not to insure him," he said.
Leads have been developed and are being vigorously pursued," he said, without elaborating.Beason is about 45 miles northeast of Springfield, Illinois.CNN's Kara Devlin contributed to this report.
Behar: But you guys haven't experienced that kind of hostility for the children you have.Michelle Duggar: Thank you.Jim Bob Duggar: Thank you, Joy.
A group of Australian and American researchers recently spent a month hundreds of kilometers southwest of the Tasmanian coast, exploring the fracture's depths.During the coming months, expedition scientists will compare 40,000 years of oceanic and atmospheric records.Copyright © 2009 Popular Science
You're only restricted by the earth itself and how fast the seismic waves can travel."It can take 30 seconds to five minutes for information from earthquake sensors placed strategically around the globe to roll into the two U.S. tsunami warning centers.We can only do our best right now and plan beforehand, because when it does happen, there's just no time."
You say that you have a great relationship with Sting until music gets involved.With Andy, there's no friction at all; we get along great.... And by the way, he's not the man in the middle, either.You are definitely empowered by the power of that huge audience.... It pumps you up.
Navy medics Daniel Brautigam, left, and Jacob Hackfeld volunteered to help wildfire evacuees.Thirty-four firefighters have been hurt, authorities said.E-mail to a friend CNN's Kiran Chetry and Miriam Falco contributed to this report.
Maria Toor Pakay has overcome unusual adversity to rank among the world's top 100 squash players.If someone argued with me, I used to beat them up," she said. "If the tribal people pick up a racquet instead of a gun, there would be peace."
Dr. Daniel Rausch, director of the pediatric hospital program for New York University, said that cold medicine is effective only at doses that are too strong for young children.FDA experts voted 13-9 that certain cold medicines with certain ingredients should not be used by young children.E-mail to a friend
Anthony Marshall was convicted of bilking millions of dollars from the estate of his mother, Brooke Astor.I sincerely hope these sad circumstances contribute to the recognition of elder abuse and exploitation as a growing national problem."CNN's Ann O'Neill contributed to this story
The state agency has not responded to requests for comment.Myrtle Beach is a popular vacation destination in northeast South Carolina, on the Atlantic coast.CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
Levitt and Shea said launching their shoe business was essentially nonstop, and the work didn't end on Friday.They certainly have their advantages... their enthusiasm level is really high," Hanks said. "We've heard nothing but good things."
Indian auto-rickshaw drivers have often been accused of overcharging, refusing short trips and misbehavior.Traffic authorities have in the past opened a range of avenues for passengers to lodge their complaints -- such as on help lines, via text messages or simply calling a telephone number printed on the three-wheeled cabs. "The India image that we strive to convey to a foreign tourist depends, to a large degree, on how good the taxi/auto-rickshaw (driver) that he or she meets is in his demeanor and conduct," Banerjee remarked.
John Gibler, author of "Mexico Unconquered: Chronicles of Power and Revolt," appeared Friday on CNN's "American Morning" to talk about U.S. border security efforts.Even The Economist magazine led with an editorial about a week and a half ago about legislating or regulating drugs.Three former presidents of Latin American countries, Brazil, Colombia and Mexico, recently released a report arguing also for really taking on the debate of legalization.
Bill is a large tropical cyclone," the National Hurricane Center said.Hurricane-force winds extended up to 85 miles from its center, with tropical storm-force winds extending up to 230 miles out.CNN Radio's Andrew Spencer and Lee Garen contributed to this report.
A car burns after the suicide blast outside NATO's Afghanistan headquarters.The area around the ISAF headquarters is heavily fortified with concrete blast barriers and extra security forces.CNN's Atia Abawi and Hugh Williams contributed to this report.
The grand jury denied Stinson's request to give testimony.They didn't know they were in there, but they should have known that shooting into a building where people normally are is something dangerous."We intend to closely monitor the prosecution and expect anyone responsible for Max's death to be held accountable," the statement said, according to WHAS.
Savings offers us the protection we need to make it through hard or uncertain times and to pay for important future needs such as a home, education or adequate retirement.and to keep interest rates low.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alejandra Lopez-Fernandini.
Lay off the Tang, Chubby!"Colbert said in a statement.The mission will be Discovery's 37th to space, and the 30th shuttle mission dedicated to assembly and maintenance of the space station, NASA says.
Police say Karthik Rajaram left suicide notes taking responsibility for the murders of his family.Inside the house, police also found three letters, one to law enforcement acknowledging responsibility for the killings, a second to friends and relatives and a third that appears to be the suspect's will, Moore said. "CNN's Stan Wilson contributed to this report.
The United States says its primary concerns about North Korea's actions are its impact on security in the region and the risk of nuclear proliferation.Last week the United Nations imposed sanctions on a number of individuals, companies and goods connected with North Korea's nuclear and missile programs.Taking aim at several key North Korean officials, it subjected them to a freeze on their assets and an international travel ban.
Health care remains, without a doubt, President Obama's top priority, though the week ahead will bring more of a public focus on international and security issues.Back in Washington on Tuesday, a White House meeting with longtime Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak will turn attention to the Middle East, where the administration and traditional Arab allies such as Egypt and Saudi Arabia are unhappy with the lack of discernible movement in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.Mike Huckabee's political action committee gathers this week, through a series of house parties.
There are just too many numbers."There could be as many as 10,000 cases in Kansas already."CNN's Emily Sherman, Leslie Wade, Miriam Falco and Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this article.
Carla Hughes met the victim's fiance at the middle school where she was a teacher.He said that the person portrayed by prosecutors as a cold-blooded killer was completely different from the accomplished honors student, equestrian and beauty pageant contestant that he knew and loved.In Session's Jean Casarez contributed to this report.
I don't know what, but some action could have meant putting him back in prison, pulling him off parole."Contra Costa County Sheriff Warren E. Rupf said he didn't think the deputy who responded knew at the time that Garrido was a sex offender.The deputy spoke to Garrido in his front yard about the allegations, but Garrido convinced him otherwise.
To most people's surprise, the opened can revealed a still-edible yellow cake.The ceremonial sword used to cut Moak's real retirement cake was also used to dig into the can and cut out the cake.Moak took a bite and put up his thumb, "It's good, it's still kind of moist," he declared.
The authors of this fact-finding report had little thought about finding facts."It claims that the Israeli Defense Forces "failed to take feasible precautions required by international law to avoid or minimize loss of civilian life, injury to civilians and damage to civilian objects."CNN's Kevin Flower contributed to this report.
At issue is how to provide coverage for an estimated 46 million uninsured people while reversing a climb in health care costs.Spreading of the "death panel" rumor by some conservative commentators and some Republican politicians prompted emotional opposition at town hall meetings across the country.Senate negotiators on a compromise bill say they have dropped the provision from their proposal due to potential misinterpretation of the intent.
Due to the circumstances of the situation, no other information will be released at this time.Additionally, information released before and after this official statement are not confirmed nor should they be considered accurate."It's senseless."
John Poindexter, who led the rescue, the award is for all Vietnam veterans, many of whom came home to an unwelcome and sometimes hostile reception. "The fact is that we're being singled out for a very distinct honor, a very rare one, but it is our conviction that on any day in any other jungle in Vietnam, nearly every Vietnam veteran would have been willing to assume the task that we assumed on March 26, 1970, when we earned the Presidential Unit Citation."The unit must display such gallantry, determination and esprit de corps under extremely difficult and hazardous conditions so as to set it apart from and above other units participating in the same campaign.
Hurricane Bill is expected to pass between Bermuda and the U.S. East Coast over the weekend.Hurricane-force winds extended outward up to 85 miles from the center and storm-force winds outward as much as 275 miles, the hurricane center said.Forecasters advised people along the New England coast and in the Canadian Maritime provinces to monitor Bill's progress.
The precautionary alert means that the height of a possible tsunami wave would be less than a foot and a half.The declaration makes federal funding available to affected individuals.CNN's Augie Martin, Mariano Castillo, Moni Basu, Tess Eastment and Nick Valencia contributed to this report
In Stockholm on Tuesday, Chinese swimmer Jing Zhao set a new world record in the heats of the women's 50m backstroke, clocking 26.08 seconds.She beat the mark of 26.17 posted by Australia's Marieke Guehrer in the previous meet of the series in Moscow on November 6.In the men's 50m butterfly, South Africa's Roland Schoeman was first in a new World Cup record of 22.29.
What do you hope they get from your latest project?I get a lot of joy in singing in Latin languages.The list is never-ending.
Lucia Whalen, who called 911 to report a possible break-in, speaks to reporters Wednesday.An officer responding to a report of a possible break-in at Gates' Cambridge, Massachusetts, home arrested the professor on July 16 for disorderly conduct.Murphy told CNN that Whalen has been receiving other apologies and accolades from people all over the world, but so far, no beer.
How quickly must I respond to an e-mail?Schwalbe: It's all about consistency.Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Palmer, 15, said Michelle Obama told her "she was really proud of me."Most of their backstage talk was about Palmer's movies and TV show, she said.Like the Obamas, Palmer is a Chicago, Illinois, native.
Ronald Cummings divorced his wife, Misty, who was the last person to see his daughter, Haleigh.The couple lived together for about six months before marrying in March.Under the divorce settlement approved Thursday by a St. John's County court, both sides permanently and irrevocably waive any rights to alimony and other types of financial payments.
Two people died and were 19 injured after spending up to two hours inside this "sweatbox" at an Arizona resort.No information about the sweatbox at the Angel Valley Resort near Sedona could be found on the Web site Saturday.It really is a beautiful experience of people coming together, of intense prayerfulness."
Ted Sorensen, a speechwriter for President Kennedy, said that Ted Kennedy's legacy in the Senate "is comparable and consistent with the legacy of his entire family for generations."And after nearly 50 years, Hess said Kennedy -- the patriarch of the first family of U.S. Democratic politics -- has truly "made a substantial mark."But through it all, Kennedy survived politically and went on to become one of the longest-serving senators in U.S. history.
Now, TLC is wonderful, supportive, and it was a great experience for us.At that point, the one-hour special was a very good experience.But I don't feel like I need to go any further than that at this time.
He was 78.Malachy McCourt, an alcoholic who managed to keep jobs only a few weeks at a time, left the family scrounging to survive.McCourt is survived by his wife, Ellen, and other family members, including brother Malachy McCourt, who is an actor and writer.
Kartika Sari Dewi Shukarno's punishment is unique in that she has opted to go through with it.Regardless of whether or not such penalties fall under Syariah law or civil law, we believe that these should be repealed, as they go against the fundamental human right to be free from torture and violence," said Haslinah Yaacob, vice president for the All Women's Action Society.CNN's Anna Coren in Sungi Siput, Malaysia, contributed to this report.
It was before closing, and there were a few customers and employees inside, but the door was locked.Once that die of accusation was cast, a ghost of racial bias, misperception, and the potential abuse of police authority was set free to make mischief.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Wright.
See which cars are the winners in this list of best-selling small cars.Hyundai Accent August 2008 Sales: 6,455 Change vs. Previous Year: 73% MSRP: $11,070 - $15,070 Invoice: $10,822 - $14,642 Fuel Economy: 33 mpg Hwy/27 mpg City The Hyundai Accent sedan and hatchback are exceptional economy cars that offer attractive looks and outstanding value in a price-sensitive market segment.Best-selling small cars is based on August national sales data
Another brought fear to Middle Earth.Honors lists are published twice a year -- once on New Year's Day and once in June, to mark the queen's "official" birthday.The queen's actual birthday is in April but she celebrates it in June because the weather is better.
But however you word it, Overlappers deceive one or both parties in order to get what they want.Women aren't the only ones guilty of this.TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Katherine Jackson, with Michael in 2005, is challenging the appointment of Michael's estate trustees.Joe Jackson appeared frustrated earlier this month when he attended his first hearing in the probate process, suggesting the lawyers should be more aggressive in court.Streisand said the three Jackson children are doing "absolutely wonderful."
Usually the vast quantity is on night shift more than [my daytime shift], but still I'm involved in those," Brown said.Seventeen percent said their main reason was money, and 27 percent said both factors motivated them. "Why do that when I can not only enjoy life, but help some people?"
Former President Clinton says Democrats need to win the health care debate "on the merits." "I think that he will do what he thinks is right for the people of New York in the end and for himself.I think the president understandably wants to hold on to the governorship of the fourth biggest state of the country."
Floodwaters roar across the highway in Paulding County, one of the hardest-hit in Georgia.she asked. "Where does the family go from here?"
As a result of this case, the Department of Justice and the FBI started looking around to see if they could find any other cases like this," said Dean Paisley, a retired FBI agent who supervised the undercover ADM work. "Some scenes just can't be played for laughs. "He is a national hero, in my eyes."
Many on the right have said the president should take the advice of the commanders on the ground.That number, Kagan said, would help fill in gaps around Kandahar in the southern part of the country where Taliban forces have amassed.CNN's Tom Evans and Kate Bolduan contributed to this report.
Texas has 40; California has 26; Arizona 18; South Carolina 15; Delaware 10; Massachusetts and New Jersey each have seven; Colorado has four; Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Virginia, Wisconsin each have three; Connecticut, Kansas and Michigan each have two; Alabama, Iowa, Kentucky, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Rhode Island, Tennessee and Utah each have one.Mexican authorities believe the most active period of the virus in Mexico was between April 23 and April 28, and Mexican Health Secretary Jose Cordova described the outbreak as being in decline in his country.Learn about the virus »
Hack.See Jarrett's shark-diving adventure » But just as quickly as the sharks arrived, they were gone.Snort.
An artist's impression shows what the planet may look like in close orbit with its sun. "At least 42 scientists at 17 institutions on three continents worked on the project.They are publishing their findings in a special issue of the Astronomy and Astrophysics journal on October 22 as "The CoRoT-7 Planetary System: Two Orbiting Super-Earths."
Watch Randi Zuckerberg of Facebook's marketing team talk about the milestone » Over the past year, the social network has seen a challenge from Twitter, the popular micro-blogging site.It would seem then that Facebook has no interest whatsoever in selling itself off to Google or anyone else," he wrote. "It would much rather go public."
I don't think he's a bad man," she said in the report. "But whether he can be extradited to the United States "can be established only after the extradition process judicially has been finalised," a ministry spokesman said in an e-mail. "CNN's Frederik Pleitgen, Brooke Bowman, Karan Olson and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report.
The giant baby lies next to a more typically-sized newborn.The heaviest baby to survive was a boy born in 1955 in Aversa, Italy.He weighed 22.6 pounds (10.2 kg).
Hollis has earned the respect of her team captain, too. "I needed something that maybe was a little bit more physical for a hobby."Because you never know."
Farmer Narin Joshi told us who has lived in the area his whole life. "There was no way I could earn any money here.He says "My family and I are leading very peaceful lives."
In August, a federal judge denied bail for the seven in custody, but expressed skepticism about the charges against them.Magistrate Judge William Webb said the defendants made a number statements espousing holy war, and said the statements could be interpreted in isolation as braggadocio.But he agreed to keep them in jail because some of them had amassed a large arsenal and engaged in firearms training.
I believe in God, in Jesus Christ.I respect him enormously, but I think he is wrong.He's a victim of so much falsehood in the world."
He made his first mark in Hollywood last year with a role in "Speed Racer" appearing alongside Christina Ricci and Matthew Fox.As a singer with five albums to his name, he's faced thousands of screaming fans at concerts across the world, and recently he faced your questions.Watch the show and find out what makes Rain tick.
But she was stuck in the "satellite," or second building, of Terminal 4, which is connected to the main building and the street by an underground train.Police caught up with her before she left the satellite terminal.The two would-be smugglers probably expected a cash payment and return flight tickets to Brazil from their drug trafficking contacts, the Civil Guard spokeswoman said.
Jersey City police officer Marc DiNardo died after being shot in the face in a raid.He was one of five officers injured in the shootout, and the two suspects involved were killed.CNN's Vanessa Juarez contributed to this report.
A senior U.S. State Department official -- authorized to brief reporters without attribution because of diplomatic sensitivities -- said the situation remains "difficult." "There's opposition both in Turkey and in Armenia," the senior official said Thursday, "but both governments realize ultimately it's in their interest to have normalized relations and an open border after years of tension and the economic isolation, particularly of Armenia."U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will attend the signing, along with dignitaries from several other countries, including the European Union, according to the Swiss government.
In a 2003 interview with Houston, she tangled on-air with the singer about Houston's drug use in an exchange that resulted in Houston delivering an expletive-laced diatribe.I see their faces dragging long when I first come out, and somewhere around the end of 'Hot Topics,' they are roaring with laughter," she said. "At the end of the day, I just want people to laugh and have a good time."
A tipping point came a couple of years ago when faculty began to consider the financial burden on students because many of them (Frank estimates a third) didn't bother to get the textbook at all.Faculty are notorious for wanting to do things their way," said Frank. "Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
Or did they simply call in the police to help them break their contract with an Internet contest similar to the reality TV show "Big Brother"?Audience members were also encouraged to send "virtual gifts" to the contestants, like pink panties, beer, chocolate and a pearl necklace.The mother of the young man who killed himself, has since gone on to host another reality match-making TV show.
1 show in daytime to take a pay cut?They're almost novelistic in their approach.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Soldiers use computers to train on an interactive DVD that plunges them into a series of scenarios and presents them with choices, such as whether to accept a cooler full of drinks from an Iraqi youth.Are you Wi-Fi?',"If it were a video game, I'd buy it," Omernick said.
Many of the vast collective farms beloved by communist planners started to look inefficient, and so were broken up into units more manageable without fleets of tractors.Cuba's organic example, however, has been a source for inspiration for many outside of the country, such as the UK-based Cuban Organic Solidarity Group (COSG). "Although Cubans would certainly say that their food shortages and lack of inputs has been a hardship."
A surveillance video shows Sandra Cantu skipping in the mobile home park where she lives.A short time later, she left that home to go to another friend's home, according to a spokeswoman for her family.Tracy is about 60 miles east of San Francisco.
For developing countries, the idea represents a potential new revenue source.If there is a deal in Copenhagen and if there is a signaling by industrialized nations that, yes, they will make money available, then you will see developing countries scaling up their readiness," said the World Bank's Bosquet. "They will see that this is now real and it's the time to react."
Trace Back does what it says -- traces the route that the e-mail took on its way from its origin to the destination," Rasch said.From there, investigators tracked down the company providing Internet service to the suspect, which told them that the subscriber lived in a Quincy apartment building, outside Boston.CNN's Randi Kaye contributed to this report.
By shedding their normal surroundings, improving their dowdy image and hitting the streets -- "pimped up" carts may increasingly be seen away from the course.I'd say about 99% of our sales these days are for individual use," says Randy Hopper, owner of Sick 'N' Twisted Designs, one of the largest bespoke golf cart manufacturers in California. "While the golf cart remains a staple on the fairways, the souped-up street version is no longer just par for the course.
He was at odds with the nation's parliament, which eventually forced him to step down.Wahid was known for injecting humor into his religious sermons and political speeches.CNN's Atika Shubert contributed to this report.
On her new perfume... I have a lot of favorite smells from growing up in the South that I wanted to capture in this scent.As long as you're comfortable, the best parts of yourself come through no matter what.Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Woods, in a written statement that acknowledged "my infidelity," announced last week that he is taking "an indefinite break" from professional golf.The 33-year-old golfer, who tops the sport's world rankings, has been mired in controversy since he crashed his car outside his Florida mansion in late November.The crash prompted authorities to cite him for careless driving and fine him $164.
Metzelder, whose contract is up at the end of the season, has played just one Spanish Primera Liga match all campaign.His Highness has always shown tremendous respect for the club and understands that Real Madrid belongs to its members."Sheikh Mansour, who is reportedly a Real Madrid supporter, is president of Abu Dhabi's Al Jazira Club, where he set up a twinning agreement with the Spanish giants in 2005.
There are a lot of social illnesses in the society; they are ashamed to come out," said Yekeson, president of the Liberia Crisis Center for Women and Children. "Watch a report on the allegations and cultural conflicts » "Things like gang rape were used so often during the war that I think, with kids, if they saw it and heard it or heard about it -- that's part of what you might wonder about [in the Phoenix case]," Bernath said. "Once the proper institutions have been put back into place, you will have more parents coming out and saying they are not ashamed."
He was a gifted interviewer, a master storyteller, and one of the hardest working journalists out there," the station said.Michael retired from broadcasting in March 2007.He is survived by his wife, Pat, and his daughter, Michelle Allen, the station said.
Dr. Earl Bradley, 56, who has had a practice in Lewes, Delaware, for more than 10 years, is charged with eight counts of first-degree rape; four counts of second-degree rape; 14 counts of sexual exploitation of a child; and two counts of endangering the welfare of a child, Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden told CNN.The charges against Bradley, and any additional charges that are filed, will be presented to a grand jury "at some point," Biden told CNN.CNN's Devon Sayers contributed to this report.
If people feel that the [cuts] are being made in a good-faith effort to save jobs, they will be even more loyal than before, since they believe that the company is working on their behalf -- not just for executives."All rights reserved.The information contained in this article may not be published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority.
The Pakistani military is fighting Taliban militants in the country's north, and missile attacks from suspected U.S. drones have targeted militant leaders.The United States is the only country in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones, which are controlled remotely.U.S. officials do not comment on suspected drone strikes, which have caused tension between Pakistan and the United States.
Roger Federer hailed his stunning shot against Novak Djokovic as the best of his career.I got a standing ovation and people went crazy -- here in New York the crowds are fantastic -- as it was the perfect shot to hit, at exactly the right time, and I can't believe I pulled it off."The sixth seed blew Nadal away at the Arthur Ashe Stadium, taking two hours and 20 minutes to take a comprehensive 6-2 6-2 6-2 victory.
Travel Snapshots: Paris The Palace of Versailles is undergoing extensive renovation so expect some closures.Paris' Notre-Dame Cathedral has a new modest-dress rule.Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES, DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES, INC.
Reservations can be lost, paper tickets and boarding passes can be misread.After I returned home, I faxed all of my documents to a supervisor at Cheapoair.Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT, DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES, INC.
And the impetus for Birk's undertaking.How would Americans, after all, relate to camels?That's a message people expect from scholars, peacemakers, even theologians but not necessarily from a California surfer dude.
Swim in the bay and then try the ceviche at one of the tiny shacks set up near the sand.Ixtapa, in contrast, was built 36 years ago as part of a government effort to spur tourism development on the coast.Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip.
Steve Clemons says the Nobel panel correctly decided Obama's approach to diplomacy holds great promise.But the Nobel Prize Committee has shrewdly given a key down payment for a kind of leadership it wants to see from the U.S. for many more years and given Obama another tool to help craft a new global social contract between the United States and other responsible stakeholders in the international system.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Clemons.
Rhoads and Munley had worked closely in the past.Afterward, everyone started to console each other and talk to each other.It's a brotherhood."
The head of the committee promised the inquiry would not interfere with a separate investigation into the shootings being conducted by Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Attorney General Eric Holder. "But investigators determined that those contacts were "consistent with research being conducted by Maj.When people hear people saying things that seem extreme... respecting First Amendment rights, you've got to begin to reach out and see if you can stop somebody before they do something very harmful."
U.S. President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden make use of the White House putting green.The former five-star general was also a member at the Augusta National Golf Club where a overhanging tree on the 17th hole proved such an obstacle to the leader that it was dubbed the "Eisenhower Tree."Obama therefore follows a healthy tradition of golfing presidents and he can relax safe in the knowledge that even if he cannot solve the world's problems while in the White House at least he can improve his short game.
During that time, enjoy delights such as carriage rides, photos with Santa, the Hall of Trees, and the Treasures for the Holidays Craft Show.Put on a parka -- loaned to you upon admission -- and enter ICE!,This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Duguid urged the Chinese government to "uphold international norms and to ensure transparency, due process and proper treatment of persons in its territory" now that the Uyghurs have been returned.Cambodian and Chinese officials could not immediately be reached for a response.But a Cambodian state media outlet, Agence Kampuchea Presse, reported that Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping is to arrive in Cambodia on Sunday for a three-day visit.
I only ever try to write in genres that I love... I love hard-boiled detective novels, I love fantasy, I love science fiction," he says. "I didn't see a good reason not to.... And to say that there's something inherently inferior about the mystery genre is just silly."E-mail to a friend
There are 53 Pakistani individuals reinstated to an Exit Control List this week which prevents them from leaving the country -- but Mukhtar is not one of them, the National Accountability Bureau said.They include include Jahamgir Badar, who is the secretary general of the Pakistan People's Party, and Nusrat Bhutto, mother of assassinated former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.CNN's Samson Desta contributed to this report.
Funeral arrangements are pending.The success of the album was attributed to the powerful combination of pure rock 'n' roll with Carroll's poetic sensibility and ability to write from his own experience.Carroll is survived by a brother, according to his ex-wife.
The explosion was near the Kabul residence of former vice-president Ahmad Zia Massoud, Afghan President Hamid Karzai told reporters.The president called for a full scale investigation.CNN's Tim Schwarz and Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report
We have spent three months without any food supplies from government nor from any food relief or humanitarian agency," Congolese refugee leader Serugendo Sekalinda said by telephone.Delegates to the poorly attended summit also pledged to aid refugees and IDPs by training them in vocational skills so they could find work during and after their forced displacement.Journalist Samson Ntale in Kampala, Uganda, contributed to this report
Members of Jund Ansar Allah surround Sheikh Abu al-Nour al-Maqdessi in Rafah on Friday.It is not permitted to any party or individual to enforce their own laws because this is the responsibility of the security forces," he said.CNN's Talal Abu-Rahman in Gaza City, Gaza, contributed to this report.
The attacker detonated his car in front of the main gate at Khosa's house, said Hassan Iqbal, a senior government official.About 20 shops in the market were reduced to rubble.CNN's Samson Desta and journalist Umar Aziz Khan contributed to this report.
She talked about dances and boys and a silvery blue dress she'd sewn with her sisters.Subscribe now!TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Zardari's government released a brief statement Thursday saying: "The government respects the judgment of the Supreme Court and is awaiting the detailed judgment.However, the government has already started consulting the legal experts for its implementation."CNN's Nic Robertson and Arwa Damon contributed to this report.
That's one way to see Anthony Marshall -- and it's the only way, according to the prosecutors who secured a conviction against him for grand larceny and scheming to defraud his mother, Brooke Astor.During trial testimony, Marshall's lawyers called no character witnesses to come to his defense.CNN's Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report.
In September, China sent 7,000 security personnel to Urumqi to ease tensions after Han Chinese protested the syringe attacks.China's constitution guarantees ethnic minorities equal rights.However, minority groups such as the Uyghurs say the Han discriminate and ethnic tensions run deep.
I'd like to add another to the list: the Reitmans.I remember when I was 19 years old I started a desk calendar company to pay for my first short film just so I could say one day my daddy didn't pay for my first short film.TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Robert Micheletti, de facto president of Honduras, says he'll repeal an emergency decree, but not immediately. "Monday marked the three-month anniversary of Zelaya's ouster in a military-led coup on June 28.CNN's John Zarrella, Kim Segal and journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report.
Back on street level, walk up a couple blocks to the expansive Plaza España, site of two museums and a hangout for locals, especially in the evening, when kids crisscross the square on scooters or fly kites, and couples sit quietly together.So when you begin to tire of the antics of the "animation team" at the resort, and the color of your skin starts to resemble the papaya or watermelon you're eating, consider a short trip to Santo Domingo.You could even arrange to fly out of Santo Domingo's Las Americas airport, rather than Punta Cana.
Cornwell: When she is up at CNN for a scene when she's on a fictitious show, she walks past posters of Nancy Grace and Lou Dobbs and Wolf Blitzer because she's up on that floor, so I do make real references to people, but the characters, the producers, none are real and they're not based on anybody I met or know.Like Marino, I can be a slob and sometimes say stupid things and rush to judgment.If they ever make a real movie of Scarpetta, I may not be able to watch it.
Soaps are passe... old-fashioned," he says. "He has a book on the genre due out next year.Tune in tomorrow.
In 1992, as Special Advisor to the Foreign Minister, he served as Vice Chair of the South-North Joint Nuclear Control Commission following the adoption of the historic Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.In September 2005, as Foreign Minister, he played a leading role in bringing about another landmark agreement aimed at promoting peace and stability on the Korean peninsula with the adoption at the Six Party Talks of the Joint Statement on resolving the North Korean nuclear issue.In January 2007 Ban succeeded Kofi Annan and has since pushed the Sudanese government to allow peacekeeping troops in Darfur and focused on global warming policy by world governments.
Children from these schools are more likely to drop out or end up incarcerated than to enroll in college.February's celebration of black history is important because it reminds us that America's bitter racial legacy is not about name calling and hurt feelings; it is about structures of inequality codified in law and supported by government action.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Harris-Lacewell.
Radovan Karadzic wrote to the court to say he would not attend the trial.He promised to continue his preparations in "the most intensive way" and inform the court when he is ready.Milosevic died in 2006 while on trial at The Hague.
Colombian authorities seized $11.2 million in U.S. currency in Buenaventura, Colombia, on September 9.This seizure represents a bad day for organized crime," ICE Director John Morton said at a Monday news conference in Washington. "CNN's Mike M. Ahlers and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report.
Pitbull: [Humor is] everything.Slick, if you want to call it.The music is what makes you, the food is what makes you, the way you've been taught mentally.
Mable Randon, who has stage 4 cancer, was denied help paying for electricity, which she needs to power her oxygen tank.But the company can do nothing since they don't bill Randon.CNN's Divina Mims contributed to this report.
The wreckage of a plane that collided with a helicopter is lifted this month from the Hudson River.Forrey said.In its letter, the NTSB asks the FAA to establish a special flight rules area, or SFRA, for the class B exclusion areas near New York City; require vertical separation between helicopters and airplanes in these SFRAs; require pilots to complete specific training on the SFRA requirements before flight within the area; and conduct a review of other airspace configurations where specific pilot training and familiarization would improve safety.
A new report released today by the Natural Resources Defense Council ranked the water quality of 200 U.S. coastal beaches using a five-star guide, and the results are far from a day at the beach.But with precious few weeks of beach season left, now is not the time to avoid sand and surf like the plague.To see how your closest beach stacks up, visit http://www.nrdc.org/.
But the "no" campaign is a rag bag of groups that have little in common.Ireland has just one percent of the EU's population but its "no" vote effectively stopped adoption of the Lisbon Treaty across the continent.Results are not expected until Saturday.
Here are more EW Picks for the week of October 11: Movies "The Stepfather" (out Friday).For pop culture picks for today, click here, plus see what's new this week in movies, music, TV and more.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Size: More than 65 languages function on Facebook now, according to Facebook's statistics.Meanwhile, Google plans to let computers do most of the work.Also, Google lets people spot translation errors, suggest new wordings and translate its interface into languages Google's computers don't speak just yet.
Caylee Anthony's skeletal remains were found near her family's home in December. "The cause of Caylee's death is homicide by undetermined means, authorities have said.CNN's Natisha Lance contributed to this report.
Others -- including many resentful of the city's national notoriety after Robertson's arrest -- say it is not.A decade ago, the town was 70 percent white.E-mail to a friend
For the first time in a month, the No.And so for the first time in a month, the No.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
The Jumeirah Essex House is a landmark on Central Park South in New York.This incident occurred in one of the private condominiums at The Essex House complex," the hotel said in a statement provided to CNN. "One six-room unit is currently on the market for $8.25 million.
He didn't murder nobody." "I'm just blessed to have my freedom," he said, adding that what happened to Albert "shouldn't happen to anyone."We all live amongst each other."
Al-Hussein, a journalist who worked in the media department of the United Nations mission in Sudan, resigned from her U.N. position in order to waive her immunity as an international worker and face trial.We expect it will happen in the next two to three weeks."CNN's Raja Razek and Elham Nakhlawi contributed to this report.
The retro-style stamps, featuring black-and-white images of the shows, were designed by Carl Herrman, an artist from Las Vegas, Nevada.The Postal Service releases several commemorative stamps annually.This year's releases have included civil rights pioneers, President Abraham Lincoln and author Edgar Allan Poe.
My basement's done," he said, pointing to his shoulder to show the height of the water inside, where he and his fiancée had their bedroom. "This is a national infrastructure crisis," Kocher said.CNN's Alec Miran in Dundalk, Maryland, contributed to this report.
However, he has not governed as a socialist.Emotions were on display Friday on Copacabana beach in Rio, where thousands of people flocked on the first sunny day after two weeks of rain and atypically cold weather. "It was a mix of the end of a football championship with a... carnival and all the Brazilian festivals," Frayssinet said.
It is described as Pakistan's "most extreme and feared militant group" by IHS Jane's, a provider of defense and security information.Pakistan and U.S. officials contend Mehsud was killed in an August 5 drone attack in Waziristan at his father-in-law's house.CNN's Samson Desta contributed to this report.
U.S. air safety authorities have ordered the replacement of a part on A330 planes following the crash of Air France Flight 447.There are 302 of the aircraft worldwide.The FAA action follows an announcement by European air safety authorities earlier this week to require pitot tube replacements by September 7.
A firefighter walks past as flames rise from the wreckage of a military jet crash in California.I screamed in horror when I realized what had just happened," Neubauer said in the document.I know he did everything he could."
Luzzi also said that Sicily's most wanted Mafioso, Matteo Messina Denaro -- who has been on the run for more than a decade and leads a clan in nearby Trapani in western Sicily -- is not among those arrested. "But those whom we did apprehend were associated with him and were trying to create a new decision-making body at his request," Luzzi said.Arrest warrants were also issued against several suspects in Tuscany, Luzzi said.
Koenig is among many who believe the airport should be turned into a cultural memorial.The success of the airlift made sure that the communist ideology lost its impetus, lost its thrust, because people began to realize that democracies can defend their way of life," said Helmut Trotnow of the Berlin Allied Museum.CNN Berlin Bureau Chief Fred Pleitgen and CNN's Carolin Fiehm in London contributed to this report.
What is striking about Hamas' recent shift of opinion toward the peace process is that it has come at a trying time for the Islamist organization which, in the last two years, has faced critical challenges from al Qaeda-like jihadist groups, a low-intensity civil war with rival Fatah, the ruling party of the Palestinian Authority, and a deteriorating humanitarian situation in Gaza.Pressed by an Australian journalist on policy changes that Hamas might make to any new order, Khaled Meshaal, the top Hamas leader and head of its political bureau based in Syria and considered a hard-liner, asserted that the organization has already shifted on several key points: "Hamas already changed -- we accepted the national accords for a Palestinian state based on 1967 borders, and we took part in the 2006 Palestinian elections."The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fawaz A. Gerges.
An U.S. soldier looks over the ancient city of Babylon in Iraq in 2004.Before their arrival, local residents had contributed to the damage, mostly through development, the report said. "The features of the western side of the city of Babylon disappeared many years ago due to encroachment by agriculture and development on the archaeological zone," the report said.
Starting from pole is important since the (first) corner is far away," he added.Spaniard Dani Pedrosa (Honda) was 0.736sec behind Rossi while Australian Stoner was fourth at 0.937sec.Ducati rider Stoner, who finished ahead of Rossi in last weekend's Australian Grand Prix to take the win, is third in the world championship standings, with Pedrosa fourth on a Honda.
Although the boy was pulled out of a burning car alive in a horrific accident on the Niagara Thruway on Thursday, his injuries proved critical, and he passed away the following night.But the couple never did get around to figuring out the logistics for a ceremony.We all didn't know each other, but we knew Asa and his family."
Scream Bloody Murder God's Warriors (2007) Christiane travelled to eight countries over eight months to examine the impact of the rise of religious fundamentalism as a powerful political force in three faiths: Judaism, Islam and Christianity. -God's Warriors - Video: Rev. Jerry Falwell's final interview Revolutionary Journey (2000) Christiane, who left Iran at the start of the Islamic Revolution, returns to the country of her birth for an inside look at a country that after years of conservative Islamic rule, voted to keep President Khatami in office and his democratic reform efforts alive. -Revolutionary Journey: Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3
The trend has continued in the first three United home games of the season.In the two matches United have led they have played an average 304 seconds of injury time.On Sunday, referee Martin Atkinson allowed the game to go on for another 415 seconds, despite his fourth official initially indicating 240 seconds should be added.
He later said he would like his wife and son to return. "You know, that isn't where I left my call."CNN's Chris Welch contributed to this report.
As a young ballplayer, he supposedly said, "All I want out of life is that when I walk down the street, people will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter who ever lived.' "As if he is a punch line, as if he was never a person with thoughts and feelings.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene.
A note on the embassy's Web site said all U.S. government facilities in South Africa were temporarily closed following "information recently received" by regional security officials.Kelly said the embassy's Emergency Action Committee met and is formulating an appropriate course of action.CNN's Nkepile Mabuse and Elise Labott contributed to this report.
Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone recently warned "there is going to be a lot of trouble" if the allegations are found to be true.The FIA proved with the spygate saga only circumstantial evidence is required for them to impose strict penalties.On that occasion they fined McLaren $80 million for breaching the same article that is now now faced by Renault.
I think we're going to see a lot of litigation here, Kiran, and the bottom line is everyone is in a legal, legal limbo.And what about people who from the time that they allowed same-sex marriage, this was in May until November, some 18,000 couples decided they were going to do it.iReport.com: Did you vote on a same-sex measure?
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her husband, Joachim Sauer, vote Sunday in Berlin.About 62 million people were eligible to vote, out of Germany's population of 82 million.CNN's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report.
Make some noise for my boy, Kanye West," Smith finally yelled.He honestly believed that if the doctor said he could do it this way and, in fact, did it, then it was legitimate and lawful."Other affidavits included a medical expert's conclusion that Smith, whose real name was Vickie Lynn Marshall, was given drugs in "excessive amounts" and a pharmacist who said he had refused to fill a prescription for a long list of strong narcotics.
The Buena Park police are set to hold a news conference shortly. (Police say Jenkins could be behind the wheel of either car. (From Stacey Newman, Nancy Grace Producer)
Police have said no other arrests are imminent, but the investigation is continuing.Authorities said Guandique will be brought to Washington in the next 45 to 60 days and formally charged, ending a chapter in one of Washington's most notorious cold cases.Although the case's notoriety was fed by news reports linking Levy to a married congressman, U.S. Rep. Gary Condit's name does not appear at all in the affidavit supporting the case against the man police want to charge with her murder.
Aerial footage showed traffic backed up after the shooting, with cars being ushered through the far-right toll lane.Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger issued a statement expressing shock and sadness over Ross' death.The statement said Capitol flags would be flown at half-staff in her memory.
Continental, however, insisted it followed standard American air-safety procedures. "TSA (Transportation Security Administration) requirements impose a final security check in the aerobridge just before boarding the aircraft. "This procedure is followed by all carriers flying to the U.S. from most of the countries in the world and there is no exemption to this rule," it said in a statement.
Sen. Roland Burris, D-Illinois, added, "I am deeply concerned about possible environmental hazards in places where we are fighting two wars."Partain said his illness has been been a "traumatic, emotional and physical" ordeal for his family.He spent 10 months at Duke University Hospital, where doctors, she said, told him that his aggressive form of the disease was "definitely chemically induced" by exposures to toxic materials in Iraq and Afghanistan, where Ochs also had served.
The answer to that question, the Grammy-winning singer said, "came in the form of our fourth child and second daughter. "Lou Sulola Samuel was born, and from the moment she looked into both of our eyes, it was endless love at first sight.She is beautiful beyond words, and we are happy that she chose us to watch her grow over the coming years," he said.
Passengers on the flight included 66 French citizens, 54 Comorians, one Palestinian and one Canadian, according to Yemeni and French officials.The crew was made up of six Yemenis, two Moroccans, one Ethiopian, one Filipino and one Indonesian.The Comoros Islands are between the east African country of Tanzania and the island nation of Madagascar.
First up is the co-founder of Hong Kong-based DIAZ Fine Jewelry, Salina Khan Fuchigami, whose business packages cubic zirconia diamonds in an environmental wrapping.It's impossible to assess exactly how much devastation one single diamond could have caused before it was cut, polished, set and sold at a high-end retailer.With shifting consumer behavior and a changing economic and environmental climate, the time has come where being environmentally conscious is an imperative for all individuals and businesses alike.
So this would not be repeated in the federal system again."In 1993, five years after his release from a Nevada prison, Garrido was jailed on a parole violation, but it's unclear what that offense was.CNN's Mallory Simon, Irving Last and Kiran Chetry contributed to this report.
Even after the book's climactic showdown, you must slog through another 50-plus pages of exposition that Brown couldn't cram into the main narrative.Sometimes it seems that authors, like their villains, don't know when to leave well enough alone.EW Grade: C+ CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
I got halfway through it, and it took control of my car.But after it hit a submerged fence and spun around, they spotted Brooks, 40, frantically waving. "And without a doubt, Tommie Stephney would have been proud of his boy.
Q: How does the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) differ from the International Criminal Court (ICC)?The court cannot compel him to come even though he is held in a detention facility about seven minutes drive from the court run exclusively for those awaiting or on trial at the tribunal.They are likely to be less lenient than they were with Milosevic.
Several employees were de-rostered as a result. "Privatize Air India before it's too late," warned a column in the Hindustan Times newspaper Sunday. "As long as the government runs Air India, it will continue to strangle it," columnist Vir Sanghvi wrote.
This sketch shows what a 4 million-year-old hominid, nicknamed Ardi, may have looked like.We are all Ethiopians at heart."Ardi's skeleton resides in the National Museum of Ethiopia in Addis Ababa.
Pakistani human rights activists in Lahore protest on Saturday over the anti-Christian violence in Gojra village.The government would register a criminal case, Sana Ullah said.CNN's Tim Schwarz and Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report.
Murphy said she left her husband several times over the nine-year marriage, but "there weren't the shelters that there are today." "It was back and forth, back and forth, back and forth.And I still work today like I could still be homeless."
Then there is Macedonia, the nation where Mother Teresa was born and raised.Albanian Prime Minister Sali Berisha said his nation plans to open a museum in Mother Teresa's honor and has planned commemorative events.Pope John Paul II beatified Mother Teresa in 2003 and she could be canonized by her centennial birthday next year -- a saint in the heavens whose resting place on Earth remains a devilish debate.
All games are sold out.We're not only competing for people's time and money, but trying to keep the fans in the stadium on game day as opposed to watching on TV."I just like the experience of sitting in the parking lot under a tent, tailgating, drinking beer and then going to the game and having a good time watching the Redskins."
CNNU is a feature that provides student perspectives on news and trends from colleges across the United States.Lauren Hodge, the chapter president of Delta Delta Delta, said the sorority would have ministers and counselors at the sorority house to help USC students. "E-mail to a friend
The official declined to be named because the case is under investigation.The giant silver balloon was apparently not visible on radar, the official said, and the FAA is relying on pilot reports to determine its approximate flight path during the roughly three hours it was aloft Thursday.CNN's Mike M. Ahlers in Washington contributed to this story.
Sometimes, eight men shared the tent. "It's very difficult, very hard for a person who has children and parents."He is sure only of one thing: He cannot go home.
Dreams of hosting the 2016 Olympics were dashed for many Chicagoans.In reality, Chicagoans who were for the Games and those who were against them were committed to the same goal: Working hard for what they thought would be best for the city of Chicago in the coming decades," she said. "Wish granted.
In several cases, we found individuals who not only sat on more than four corporate boards but also sat on more than one of these particularly troubled boards during this period.This is particularly obvious in the case of AIG, which has been a serial offender in corporate governance, especially in executive compensation.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nell Minow.
American Airlines issued a statement confirming some employees had been arrested, but could not confirm the number because of its privacy policy, spokesman Tim Wagner said in an e-mail.The airline has been working with authorities, he said. "As a company, we hope that the actions of a few employees don't reflect negatively on the tens of thousands of ethical American Airlines employees who work hard to serve the public daily," Wagner wrote.
Steve McNair, former NFL quarterback, was a married father of four when he was killed last summer.A final message, sent at 1:14 a.m., simply said, "its open."About 12 hours later, a friend of McNair's found their bodies.
Wok Kundor: "I am an aged woman.I realize that I am an aged woman.Soon, the centenarian plans to make the journey to Kuala Lumpur -- if she can find a neighbor to drive her there.
Ghana's players celebrate their victory over Brazil.At Germany 2006, Ghana became the only African survivor after the preliminary round, surprising the bookmakers with victories over the Czech Republic and the U.S. before losing 3-0 to Brazil in a match that was closer than the scoreline suggested.For now, the country seem to have regained bragging rights as the superpower in West Africa.
A Japanese woman receives an intravenous vitamin supplement at the Tenteki Cafe in Tokyo.At the end of the day it will go into the blood stream," she said.Most of these nutrients we can get sufficient from foods, nutrients tend to be better absorbed by the body if they are consumed in foods."
Ruhal Ahmed, left, shown at a 2007 news conference, says he had to listen to hours of music at Guantanamo.It is unclear if any of the artists plan to pursue legal action, but Doyle said she'd be "surprised if some of them weren't thinking about it."CNN's Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report
Some are talented, some are not, and most aren't performing for a cause greater than themselves.There has been little research on the illness, of which there are about 650 new cases in the United States each year.It gives her someone to aspire to, someone to be inspired by," she said.
I think we all recognize that we need to act before the memory of the crisis fades and before the impetus for reform recedes," he said. "The tightening of global financial regulations was expected to top the summit's agenda and comes as some major economies are beginning to recover.CNN's Steve Brusk and Ed Henry contributed to this report.
Does he have a double?...It smells of hope."Not only would they be shut down, but their owners would have been taken to the electric chair."
The "Open Stream API" was front-and-center with Facebook's controversial redesign earlier this year.© 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.CNET, CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. Used by permission.
The navies are responding very very effectively."Eight others were wounded, four more killed and one is missing, the Bureau said.Other trouble spots this year were waters off Nigeria, with 20 attacks; Malaysia with 14; and Bangladesh with 12.
Watch Burruss discuss her time on the show » Newly engaged to a father of six children, Burruss has watched him get attacked in blogs and is protective of the man who she said even her mother isn't thrilled about her marrying. "[Burruss was already friendly with cast mate Lisa Wu Hartwell, whom she met through their mutual friend Cottle.You always hope that it doesn't backfire."
The book opens with a poem called "Muhammed was a Punk Rocker" and describes both conventional and unconventional characters including a Shi'ite skinhead, a conservative Sunni Muslim, a burka-wearing feminist punk and a Sufi who sports a Mohawk and drinks alcohol. "We actually might be offering some sort of insights for people at large about religion, about the world," said 26-year-old bassist Basim Usmani.I don't think Islam is ever going to go away, I'm just trying to see how it best fits in my life."
An aerial view of a flood-affected area in Bijapur district in North Karnataka, India.Thousands of people die each year in India during seasonal monsoon rains.More than 1,100 had been killed in monsoon-triggered flooding in different parts of the country as of last month, according to the disaster-management division of the federal home ministry.
Ellis first met Brandon on December 17, 2008, when his mother took him to the emergency department at Wake Forest Hospital suffering from what Ellis calls, "an extremely rapid decline in basic functions." "The tool allows surgeons to easily manipulate a CO2 laser and bend it to reach almost any tissue in the body, particularly in cases where scalpels may pose a danger. "Either way, this type of success story is what we neurosurgeons live for."
A publication in Denver, Colorado, is looking for a journalist to review marijuana dispensaries. "Some have even offered to work for free, Tone said, adding "We won't accept that."The pay is "meager," he said, but it's legitimate.
Kuti recently told a reporter for All Africa Global Media that the Shrine was a place of worship where people can honor "great black people, who fought for the emancipation of Africa through music."Freeing the "Shrine" from being under lock and key is just one of his crusading missions, as with his band, The Positive Force, Kuti remains outspoken about Nigeria, corruption and the positive changes that Africa can achieve.Watch Femi Kuti on African Voices on Saturday, October 31, 12.30 and 18.30 GMT; Sunday, November 1, 18.00 GMT.
Nielsen's son, Scott Nielsen, a physics major at the University of Utah, wrote the code for the iPhone version, which has so far sold more than 3,000 copies.The app also comes in a cheaper, scaled-down version called "My Body," aimed at the curious amateur. "Anatomy Lab" is the latest in a line of iPhone apps either aimed at medics, or with health benefits.
A snowstorm killed the attempt, but the idea of setting a record became an obsession for the young boy, his mom Julie Grames said. "The tallest teenage boy is one of about 4,000 records listed in this year's book -- a number that accounts for a mere 10 percent of all the mind-blowing stats that make up the Guinness World Records database, said Stuart Claxton, a spokesman for the organization that began publishing feats in 1955.That's the one I want to get."
I came of age sexually with my second boyfriend in high school.I was raised in a strict Catholic home, where nudity and sex talk was unheard of, so having no one to compare my genitals to, I was unaware that mine were different.Humans can be so weird."
To grow the trees on a commercial scale, you've got to pack them in fairly close together, and at that point they become incredibly susceptible to blight and insect attacks.For more mental_floss articles, visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright, Mental Floss LLC.All rights reserved.
Amy Savoie calls on Japan to release her husband during a rally outside the Japanese Embassy in Washington.If a child in Japan is taken against the wishes of the recognized Japanese parent, Japanese law considers the person who took the child an abductor.Christopher Savoie will be jailed for at least 10 days while Japanese prosecutors sort out details of the case.
Agassi did find strong support from Nicolas Hayek, chairman of Swatch Group, for whom Agassi acts as an ambassador.He told CNN that his company would stick with the 39-year-old Agassi in his current role. "He's admitted a mistake and it's fine with us," he said.
Gadhafi may be staying in a tent on the front lawn of a New Jersey house owned by the Libyan Mission.My plan is to sue them, extract as much money as possible and use Libyan money for planting trees instead of buying bombs," he wrote in another Huffington Post piece Monday.Boteach and Wildes also are planning a protest at the construction site on Sunday.
I'm getting shivery now cause you're talking about some strangling stuff.It also said Chaunte Ott, who was convicted of killing Payne, served 13 years in prison before being released in January, after DNA analysis showed semen found on the girl's body was not his.CNN's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report.
Children at the Marcus Autism Center in Atlanta, Georgia, receive instruction on March 5, 2009. "It also raises questions about how well we're prepared in the educational system to provide for the special needs of many of these kids."Insel said the federal government is beefing up the resources it is mobilizing to address autism and related disorders, with $85 million being appropriated by the National Institutes of Health and $48 million for next year by the HRSA.
I can recall crying along with millions of Americans when our hockey team beat the Russians and won the hockey gold in 1980.It was the official bid submitted by the United States Olympic Committee and was representative of the nation.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin.
The United States is supporting the Somali government's fight against the insurgents, including providing weapons to government forces.Al Shabaab is on the U.S. list of terror organizations because of its ties to Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda network.The United States is concerned that Somalia's weak government could fall to the Islamist insurgency, as it did in 2006 before Ethiopian forces ousted the militants from power later that year.
Residents of La Canada Flintridge, California, fill sandbags to prepare heavy rains in the fire-affected area. "The heavy rain will create favorable conditions for mud and rock slides over burn scars," said the weather service, which issued numerous flood watches and warnings.Forecasters said debris flows also were possible in or near areas burned by blazes such as the Big Meadows Fire in Yosemite National Park, the Power Fire in Tulare County and the fire in San Bernardino National Forest.
Morrey has been forced to quit work to care for Spencer.But she's not going to know who I am.It's not -- once you're a dad, you're always a dad."
When the couple splits, one parent typically makes a complete and lifelong break from the children.But Japanese authorities disagree.And from the other side of the glass barrier, he gave a thumbs up, mouthing the words, "Thank you."
Pitbull: [Humor is] everything.Slick, if you want to call it.The music is what makes you, the food is what makes you, the way you've been taught mentally.
He added that the plane had departed Temecula in southwestern Riverside County, California, and was destined for the airport in Santa Barbara, a flight of about 180 miles.The pilot told authorities that he attempted to switch fuel lines during the flight, but was unable to restore power to the plane.He said he alerted a tower at the airport that a landing on the highway was imminent, Richardson said.
Saleh ali Saleh Nabhan, pictured on the FBI's Web site, reportedly was tied to al Qaeda's East Africa operations.The officials who talked to CNN are familiar with the latest information on Monday's strike but did not want to be identified because they were not authorized to talk to the media.Journalist Mohammed Amiin Adow and CNN's David McKenzie, Barbara Starr and Ed Henry contributed to this report.
An Iranian F-5 fighter jet lands in southern Iran during a military exercise on June 23, 2009.The F-5 engine and parts are listed on the U.S. Munitions List and may not be exported from the United States without a license from the State Department, said John Morton, head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and they can not be exported to Iran without a license from the Treasury Department.This is part of our long-standing efforts to ensure that sensitive military equipment is not exported in violation of U.S. law and against the international interests of the United States," Morton said.
Treasury Under Secretary Stuart Levy also developed some of the existing financial sanctions against Iran.Tehran also agreed "in principle" to ship its low-enriched uranium produced in Iran to third countries for further enrichment for a nuclear reactor used for medical research.By the end of the month, we will have some very clear indications of what their intentions are," he said.
You have ONE LIFE.Hey, wait a minute... I once said yes to that guy too!The Frisky: How to know when it's time to dump him TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
The WWF say climate change threat has worsened in the 15 months since the IPCC last reported.This will put millions of people in coastal regions at risk.It is clear that climate change is already having a greater impact than most scientists had anticipated, so it's vital that international mitigation and adaptation responses become swifter and more ambitious," van Ypersele said.
Anxiety has gripped the South American nation of 7 million since authorities confirmed the first cases of yellow fever there last month.Some analysts say it presents a delicate situation for the ruling Colorado Party, which has held power for 60 years.E-mail to a friend
Anna Nicole Smith, with Howard K. Stern, was found dead in her hotel room in February 2007.Seven of them were prescribed using Stern's name, although spelled "Stearn," he said.A series of affidavits used by state investigators to obtain search warrants in their 2½-year inquiry was unsealed last month, revealing many details of the prosecution's case.
Al-Zawahiri warned Muslims that they have a religious duty to support the jihad, or struggle, or face punishment from God. "No people abandons Jihad without Allah giving them a general punishment," he said, quoting the Quran.Al-Zawahiri also prayed for the annihilation "the Americans and Jews" and anyone who might help them.
David Letterman's behavior with employees has created "a toxic environment" in the workplace, NOW says. "Those board members are Shari Redstone, vice chairwoman of the board and president of National Amusements Inc., which operates motion picture screens, and Linda Griego, president and chief executive of Griego Enterprises Inc., a business management company.CBS airs "Late Show With David Letterman," which Letterman's company, Worldwide Pants Inc., produces.
The protests sparked a government crackdown that led to thousands of arrests, scores of injuries and at least 30 deaths.Judiciary officials say most of those arrested were released, though several dozen face charges as part of the mass trials.In his remarks Friday, Ahmadinejad said there has been no evidence found that would undermine the election results and he criticized Western nations for interfering in Iran's internal affairs before and after the election.
A customer enters. "The aim of the business is really about bringing back a traditional approach to conservation," says Barrett, "because, clearly, the single best way to be green is to re-use the things that we already have."I'm just trying to bring something beautiful to my little corner of it."
The missile is thought to have an intended range of about 4,200 miles (6,700 kilometers), which if true, could give it the capability of striking Alaska or Hawaii.North Korea has been involved in what is known as the six-party talks with the United States, Japan, Russia, South Korea and China, which is an effort to end the nation's nuclear program, which the U.S. says is linked to nuclear weapons.U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who returned from Asia on Sunday after her first overseas trip in the post, recently called North Korea's nuclear program "the most acute challenge to stability in northeast Asia."
The potential recruitment of young Somali-American men has been made possible by "a number of factors that come together when a dynamic, influential and extremist leader gains access to a despondent and disenfranchised group of young men," Andrew Liepman, deputy director for intelligence at the National Counterterrorism Center, said earlier this year.Many refugees, he said, "lack structure and definition in their lives" and are "torn between their parents' traditional tribal and clan identities, and the new cultures and traditions offered by American society."CNN's Chris Welch in Minneapolis contributed to this report.
The coffins of six Italian soldiers killed in a suicide attack in Kabul return to Rome.Col.The rest of Italy's 2,800 troops in Afghanistan will withdraw only when NATO calls for it, La Russa said.
The questions over a moral code, how it's rarely if ever black and white and how real life and real people are just too complicated to fall into that simple "good or bad" template. "Clarke: True that.E-mail to a friend
Successful applicants get a $100,000 grant and the chance to receive more than $1 million in future grants.The latest round of GCE grants invites applicants to focus on four areas: new technologies for contraception, new ways to induce and measure mucosal immunity, low-cost diagnostics for priority global health conditions, and new ways to protect against infectious disease.Click on the "Explainer" tab above to take a look at some of the groundbreaking research being funded by GEC.
Argentina's Boca Juniors salute their fans before a Copa Libertadores match against Uruguay's Defensor Sporting.Bellos says these factors can combine to make the Libertadores less predictable than the Champions League, as can the fact that clubs regularly lose their best players to Europe, meaning their squads can change drastically from one season to the next.As in the Champions League, big clubs, like Argentina's Boca Juniors and Brazil's Sao Paolo, usually make the final stages, but last year's winners were unheralded Ecuadorian club LBS Quito.
I was longing to see them, my goal in this life is to serve those great people and I am very proud to be a part of them."Al-Hakim played a central role in shaping Iraq's future following his return.CNN's Arwa Damon, Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
I saw fire trucks, ambulances, armed personnel carriers and what looked like tanks.Reporters' BlackBerries could not send and receive messages.Computers could not access the Web at their hotels.
On the other end, on the producer's end, they asked a bunch of different industry professionals.CNN: Tell me a little bit about how you were approached.CNN's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this article.
Chinese President Hu Jintao and President Obama said their nations will cooperate to advance technologies and work toward a global agreement on reducing carbon emissions. "Our aim... is not a partial accord or a political declaration," Obama said, "but rather an accord that covers all of the issues in the negotiations and one that has immediate operational affect. "The United States never ratified it, though more than 200 other nations did.
In 1992, as Special Advisor to the Foreign Minister, he served as Vice Chair of the South-North Joint Nuclear Control Commission following the adoption of the historic Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.In September 2005, as Foreign Minister, he played a leading role in bringing about another landmark agreement aimed at promoting peace and stability on the Korean peninsula with the adoption at the Six Party Talks of the Joint Statement on resolving the North Korean nuclear issue.In January 2007 Ban succeeded Kofi Annan and has since pushed the Sudanese government to allow peacekeeping troops in Darfur and focused on global warming policy by world governments.
His movie roles included turns in two of director Robert Altman's 1970s films, "Nashville" and "The Long Goodbye," and as the neo-Nazi leader pursuing John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd in "The Blues Brothers."No details of his death were immediately available, said Peter Gross, a spokesman Talentworks LA, which represented Gibson.CNN's Doug Ganley contributed to this report.
Eight of the wounded were police officers, the official said.The incident took place in southern Mosul's Dawasa commercial area at about 7 p.m. the official said.Mosul is about 260 miles (420 km) north of Baghdad.
It's a peculiar set of circumstances that would give most women understandable hesitation when contemplating a marriage partner.But Clare is a woman in love, an emotion that tends to trump all others.Watch how Bana and McAdams found humor in the scene » Bana and McAdams sit down with CNN to discuss this scene, its comedic elements and what it means to both their characters.
Grace Yoon, 15 months, was killed after a military jet crashed into her home.Please pray for him not to suffer from this accident," Yoon said as he fought for composure. "He is one of our treasures for the country."
I think 'tormenting' is one of the most perfect words for what you feel [with bipolar disorder], because you have no control over it.The show, she said, "was where I went for safety." "Patty Lane works for CNN Radio -- and yes, that is her real name.
Watch a former British commander on the difficulty in rescuing hostages » "The obvious link for us is that Farrell is a British national.Farrell and Munadi ran outside during the firefight.CNN's Ingrid Formanek and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report.
McDonalds' burgers and fries will be available under the inverted glass pyramid of the Louvre.In spite of its location, the menu will very likely stay the same. "McDonald's functions the same way in all of France, so there will probably be no special menus," the spokeswoman said.
What we are seeing is a resurgent Russia currently prepared to strut the beach kicking sand in everybody's eyes and defying any affronted party to take them on.They have now taken the next step down the line of provocation. "The worst thing it could do is to utter threats which it will not, or cannot, follow through.
It said the al Qaeda training manual lists " 'blasting and destroying the places of amusement, immorality and sin... and attacking vital economic centers' as a key objective."The bulletins on luxury hotels said analysis of previous attacks abroad and thwarted plots showed that terrorists have used paramilitary and "small unit" tactics, explosives, improvised explosive devices and car bombs.It said hotel owners can protect their properties by installing fencing or walls around the buildings and populated areas; implementing random screening of people and their possessions; and training security staff.
Al-Shabab fighters count their bullets in neighborhood of Mogadishu.But, says Hogendoorn, with an African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia proving largely ineffective, and Ethiopian military presence withdrawn in January ahead of an Al-Shabaab push, Kenyan military involvement was unlikely to offer any quick fix. "The problem is once [Kenyan troops] are on the ground they open themselves up to guerrilla style attacks and suicide attacks that could lead to significant loss in life."
Investigators arrive at the Las Vegas, Nevada, home of Michael Jackson's personal physician.It has been waiting on toxicology lab results, but a final autopsy report is expected as soon as this week, a coroner's spokesman has said.CNN's Ted Rowlands and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report.
The quake struck 55 kilometers (35 miles) southeast of General Santos in the island of Mindanao or 1,095 kilometers (680 miles) south-southeast of Manila and at a depth of 207 kilometers (129 miles), USGS said.The Philippines is located on the "Ring of Fire," an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning for the quake.
Prices are expected to grow for Michael Jackson autographs like the one he gave this young fan in 2002.New listings were up 61 percent, while the average selling price of items had increased by 31 percent.Whenever Jackson would visit Ohlinger's Manhattan store, he would shop for vintage photos of some of the legendary ladies of cinema, including his very dear friend Elizabeth Taylor, Ohlinger recalled.
King Abdullah of Saudia Arabia hosted meetings between the Afghan government and the Taliban, a source says.A second round of talks is scheduled to take place in two months, the Saudi source said.Further talks are expected in Saudi Arabia involving this core group and others.
He had the foresight to say 'We have to build a man-made harbor here in Los Angeles if we want to become a major port of trade,' and today the Port of Los Angeles is the busiest port in the United States," Jones said.Each man's personality and strengths were tailored for what was demanded of their time, said Jones. "History in general is this tangled web of good and evil."
Incredible Hulk" star Edward Norton, second from left, has trained for a marathon with Maasai tribesmen in Kenya Before he knew it, the star of "The Incredible Hulk" and "Fight Club" had signed on to the effort, despite never having run a marathon before. "Belpietro will be one of nearly 30 runners joining Norton on the Nov. 1 marathon.Norton's latest film, the independently produced "Leaves of Grass," is set to premiere this week at the Toronto International Film Festival and his company's "By The People: The Election Of Barack Obama," a documentary about President Obama's historic campaign for the White House, debuts on HBO on November 3.
In general, the cars weigh around 600 kilograms in race trim, including the addition of KERS that some constructors use to increase performance.This system stores energy normally lost through braking and reuses it for speed boosts during the race.Watch out for KERS powered cars -- including the Mclarens, BMW Saubers and Renault -- using their boost as the lights go green to start this weekend's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
X-rays were discovered in November 1895 by German physicist Wilhelm Röntgen.The Science Museum also houses the Reynolds machine, which was built by a father and son John and Russell Reynolds, months after Röntgen announced his discovery.They were so inspired by the news that they started constructing the equipment in their own home.
Pursuing a free trade agenda in a protectionist world is tantamount to unilateral disarmament.This isn't a predicament faced just by Michigan or the Midwest.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Virg Bernero.
I think the tone of American politics will change: You're going to get a serious effort on behalf of the new administration," said Aaron David Miller, a public policy scholar at the Washington-based Woodrow Wilson International Center and a former adviser to six secretaries of state on Arab-Israeli relations.But, he told CNN, "the fact is that unless the Israelis and Palestinians are prepared -- which they're not right now -- to take the political decisions required to overcome the gaps and to sell an agreement to their respective constituents, there's not much a new president, no matter how bold or charismatic he may be, is going to be able to do about that."CNN's Ed Henry contributed to this report.
A boatman transports three empty wooden coffins on the edge of Laguna Lake east of Manila on Thursday.The U.S. Navy was expected to join rescue operations in Pangasinan, according to the agency.Journalist Lilibeth Frondoso and CNN's Judy Kwon contributed to this report.
A Banksy painting of the British House of Commons at England's Bristol museum.But while we may never know his identity, with this latest show, Banksy has definitely shown yet another facet of his personality.CNN's Max Foster contributed to this report
Separately, Palestinian medical sources said 23 bodies were pulled from rubble in Gaza.Watch how a reporter finds Gaza in chaos » During 22 days of fighting, more than 1,200 people have died, all but 13 of them Palestinians.CNN's Arie Bell and Karl Penhaul contributed to this report.
And if there is some sense of movement on those fronts in Cuba, then I think we can see a further thawing of relations and further changes."Obama's gesture precedes a trip this week to Trinidad and Tobago for a key meeting of hemispheric powers -- the Summit of the Americas.Watch how Obama likely will hear about Cuba at the summit »
Furloughs for frogs?Section 1109 of the stimulus bill which passed this week in the House forbids the use of federal taxpayer money to plug the budget gaps.Taxpayer watchdog groups lobbied to keep zoos, aquariums, swimming pools, golf courses and casinos out of the stimulus, arguing that there are higher priorities for Americans' money during a recession.
In April, pirates attacked The Liberty Sun, a U.S.-flagged cargo ship, but were unable to board.Merchant vessels don't usually carry firearms, he said, but the "Maersk Alabama incident constitutes a game changer.... Self-proclaimed pirate leaders have now issued direct threats of violence against American merchant mariners."We have a duty to protect the ships that proudly fly America's flag."
Experts aren't surprised Americans are becoming more financially creative during an economic downturn. "The couple will work five hours a day in exchange for staying in "a beautiful three-bedroom house right in the center of it all," Brown said. "We can do a lot more if we don't have to pay for room and board," she added.
There is insufficient evidence to pursue criminal charges," said Gerald Bailey, commissioner of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement.Those communications included scores of e-mails and instant messages that were given to investigators by former House pages.CNN's Kevin Bohn and Terry Frieden contributed to this report.
Danny Boyle exults in an Oscar win for "Slumdog Millionaire" earlier this year. "The problem "came to a head with 'The Dark Knight,' " which sold more than $1 billion in tickets worldwide, but was snubbed by the academy in the best picture category last year, he said.A best picture nomination often serves as a marketing boost for films, driving DVD sales for those films no longer in theaters.
In this rare interview, Christiane will also address signs of optimism emerging in Zimbabwe; sky-rocketing inflation stabilizing, basic goods returning to store shelves, and a loosening of restrictive media laws. "Amanpour" is CNN International's new live global interview program, which launched on September 21, 2009 as the centerpiece of its new evening line up.Live interview airs 2100 CET Thursday 24 September.
Polish President Lech Kaczynski holds the EU's Lisbon Treaty in Warsaw on October 10.Czech President Vaclav Klaus must also sign it.I remain convinced that the Czech Republic will bring the ratification process of the Lisbon Treaty to a successful conclusion, so that it can enter into force by the end of the year," he said.
In the Keys, people really started fishing for lobster in the 1930s," Lessard says. "It's good for the soul.My family is out here, and I plan on being out here and joining them someday," Lessard says, "although I would like it to be a long time from now."
Kanye West, center, with girlfriend Amber Rose and actor Tracy Morgan at the 2009 MTV VMAs.So I would like for Taylor to come out and have her moment."Jerry Seinfeld will also appear on Leno's premiere Monday.
And he said bureaucracy stands in the way of improvement. "We would pull all of those functions into one agency."CNN's Tom Watkins and CNN Radio's Matt Cherry contributed to this report.
There have been cases of health care professionals self-administering the drug and abusing it, however, said Vila, who has examined deaths from Diprivan in Florida.Patients should tell their health care providers about any allergies they have before taking this drug, doctors say, including eggs, soy products, sulfite, benzyl alcohol and any medications.CNN's Stephanie Smith contributed to this report.
Al-Shabab, which is fighting to control the east African country, accused Israel of "starting to destroy" the Al Aqsa mosque, where standoffs have taken place recently between Israeli police and Palestinians.The transitional government has struggled to establish authority, challenged by Islamist groups like Al-Shabab that have seized control of Mogadishu and much of the south.CNN's David McKenzie in Nairobi, Kenya, contributed to this report.
But she turned the other cheek: "I may not have family to go home to after this, but I pray that you make a way for him to get out of there and begin a new life, and to be able to hold his son."You would not believe the stories he has told us."E-mail to a friend
It is clear nothing is going to displace gasoline or diesel for 20, 30, maybe 40 years," said John Lapetz, who has been working on alternative fuels at Ford for more than 20 years.The modified engines aboard the Ford E-450 shuttle buses are 6.8 liter V-10s.We are hopeful that since they built the facility here, the only one in the southeast United States, that there will be a long-term usage for it."
A U.S. army Apache helicopter flies over southern Baghdad, Iraq.Unfortunately, we cannot confirm anything at the moment," she said.CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report, Nada Husseini, Mike Mount and Cal Perry contributed to this report.
Doostang gets its name from the Latin for "reaching for talent."Even though the economy is not as bad as it used to be, we are still seeing a good uptake.Our traffic is still going strong," Larizadeh says.
Palestinian militants from the al-Ahrar Brigades march during a rally in Gaza City in July.The report is not fair," he said. "The United Nations is investigating violations by both sides and is due to report to the U.N. Human Rights Council in September.
Vela played against Olympiacos in the Champions League on Wednesday but he was one of the biggest culprits as Arsenal squandered a number of chances.He is the 11th first-team player to commit his long-term future to Arsenal since the end of last season.Vela, Eduardo, Sanchez Watt, Alex Song, Nicklas Bendtner, Denilson, Robin van Persie, Theo Walcott, Lukasz Fabianski, Aaron Ramsey and Jack Wilshere have all recently signed new long-term extensions with the club.
I don't let myself get that slobby these days.At the end of the day, you have to dress in what you're comfortable in.Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
It is therefore advised to tell your doctor you have been to a malaria affected zone, even if symptoms arise months after the trip.I is for Immunity Travelers from malaria-free regions such as Europe and the United States, with little or no immunity, who go to areas with high disease rates, are particularly vulnerable.The achievements are due to the widespread use of treated bed nets, along with the switch to new anti-malarial drugs instead of Chloroquine in 2004.
It's far more economical to spend $12.50 on a pair of $125 shoes than to buy new ones.With few young people entering the trade, customers seek out cobblers when theirs retire. "As long as he can, that's something Ron Hassell has no intention of doing.
On his way home, about midnight, Fox picked up his two sleepy children from their grandparents and put them to bed in the living room of the 500-square-foot cement box family home.She'd been bound and gagged with duct tape, raped and drowned, according to the Will County Sheriff's Office and the coroner's report.Anyone with more information is urged to call the FBI's Chicago office at 312-421-6700.
By God, we will never compromise on it (Palestine), ever," the message continued.Mansfield noted that the video brings no new images of the elusive bin Laden, who was last seen in footage two years ago on the sixth anniversary of the terror attacks.Bin Laden has released audio messages since then, most recently on June 9.
Christie Spears, who survived the "miracle on the Hudson," reserved the same seat for today's trip. "A bird strike in the engines forced Flight 1549 to make an emergency landing in the icy waters between New York and New Jersey.CNN's Adam Reiss contributed to this report.
I think in this troubled time... the American people expect the president to talk to them, walk them through his thinking -- why he makes the decisions he makes, what are the tradeoffs to those decisions -- and carry them through this process," he said. "I think they're very engaged in this conversation.If you look at the data, they are involved in this conversation and interested in this dialogue and appreciate an adult conversation with them about the changes they're making and the changes their government and their elected leaders are making on their behalf."
Outside vendors and technicians will handshake with everyone present when they enter or leave an office.Contrast this to the Japanese practice of giving fewer handshakes, still, in favor of polite bows of the head.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Givens.
The blaze, which started with an explosion at the Caribbean Petroleum Corp. facility in Bayamon municipality early Friday, was extinguished Sunday, firefighters said.Seventeen tanks were destroyed by flames and the initial explosion.CNN's Rafael Romo and Arthur Brice contributed to this report.
Two new U.S. representatives are teaming up with CNN.com to report their "Freshman Year" experience through videos and commentaries.After college, Chaffetz joined the local business community and worked as a spokesman for Nu Skin International.Immediately before running for Congress, Polis served as superintendent of New America School, a charter school he founded to help 16-21-year-old new immigrants learn English and gain a high school diploma.
The prison in Standish, Michigan, is slated for closure but would stay open if Guantanamo detainees are sent there.President Obama announced plans early in his presidency to close the U.S. military detention center at Guantanamo Bay by January.The center has 229 detainees.
A report issued by the United Nations in July said that the criminal gangs behind much of the drug trade in West Africa were becoming involved with e-waste trading.In 2005, more than 500 containers full of e-waste entered Nigerian ports every month, according to the Basel Action Network, a U.S. NGO campaigning on issues surrounding toxic waste.Until then, toxic black smoke will continue to cast a shadow over lives across the developing world.
The suits were settled. "Dungeons and Dragons" spawned video games, novels, a cartoon, and a movie.The franchise saw a surge this decade after "The Lord of the Rings" and "Harry Potter" movies took off.
Our family's memory of precious Caylee Marie is all we have left of her," he said as his wife appeared visibly shaken.Her mother, Casey Anthony, is charged with murder.CNN's Natisha Lance and John Couwels contributed to this report.
Fishermen rallied in Tokyo on Tuesday against skyrocketing fuel prices.Watch the unions protest in the streets » They want the government to provide subsidies to make up for the price hike.India, France, Spain and South Korea have had similar protests.
Horia Cretan climbed up a fire escape and helped save a boy through the window of a burning building.And the whole community's just being great.Adopting me like a son, and I'm a part of a big family and I'm happy to have them in my life."
The results were released Monday.Among the organization's findings: The lowest obesity rates?South Korea and Japan with less than 4 percent of the population exceeding a BMI of more than 30.
Bill Clinton says his wife Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is the "best public service our family has ever produced." "We were all wrong, and she is determined to reverse it," Bill Clinton said.Hillary Clinton left to meet with 15 ministers from the Caribbean.
The Frisky: Compliments guys take as insults Before any feminist blood vessels burst, let me explain that this fantasy goes hand-in-hand with a male-specific fear that speaks to ancient genetic programming.To surrender to this character is to play with fire.TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Also, don't forget to get some great speakers so you can hear all the natural flava of your records. •Enjoy.TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Apart from the short-lived rule of the Islamic Courts Union in 2006, there has been no genuine central authority in Somalia since the collapse of Mohamed Siad Barre's repressive regime in 1991.The ambulance is one of seven medical vehicles paid for with donated funds from local and expatriate Somalis.It is so dangerous but when we see the problems of the people, we're trying to find a way somehow, to keep on working."
I'm not saying anything about the quality of the movies they're making or their validity as actresses," Rozen said. "Maybe there's a broader audience for these characters.The stories you can tell about older women are deeper," Sagal said.
Iraq's Finance and Labor ministries and a courthouse were the targets of three of the terror attacks, which shattered a two-month period of relative calm in the capital.These are also very, very important to provide security."CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
The company announced in December that this vaccine, based on a recombinant protein that uses part of the malaria parasite, was safely administered to African infants, with an efficacy of 65 percent in a three-month follow-up.The vaccine takes the same basic approach as standard vaccines in use for diseases such as measles and polio.I thought that the world needed a malaria vaccine, there was no question this was the best way to make one," he said.
Lisa Pagan was recalled to the Army after being honorably discharged four years ago.Others had financial or medical problems that made it difficult to report for duty.The Army says it granted nearly nine out of 10 delay requests and six out of 10 requests for exemption.
March 14" coalition leader Saad Hariri claims victory after polls close Sunday.About 50,000 troops were on the streets, but the run-up to the balloting had been free of violence.CNN's Cal Perry and Saad Abedine contributed to this report
The TSA is reviewing the circumstances surrounding the incident, and we are making an assessment as to what disciplinary action will be taken against [the] officer posted at the exit in question," TSA spokeswoman Ann Davis said. "All passengers had been rescreened by early Monday, according to the TSA.CNN's Susan Candiotti, Ross Levitt and Jamie Guzzardo contributed to this report.
We want to open new horizons between the two states," Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri said at a news conference at the end of the two-day meeting, which happened in Damascus, Syria. "A United Nations investigation found indications of Syrian involvement, but Syria denies responsibility.President Obama decided to make an effort toward reconciliation and announced earlier this year that he was returning a U.S. diplomat to Damascus.
More than 150 alleged militants were arrested by Nigerian police after clashes.The official News Agency of Nigeria reported that as many as 100 members of a religious sect led by Sheikh Mohammed Yusuf may have been killed in a confrontation with police.CNN's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report.
Evidence will include a recording of a phone conversation with an associate in which Anderson "describes injecting the defendant, having the ability to obtain and utilize inside information about MLB's random drug testing to the defendant's benefit and the undetectable nature of what Anderson had been doing," according to documents.Bonds won seven National League MVP titles during his 22-year career, 15 years of which was spent with the Giants.The team released him after the 2007 season, just weeks after he broke Hank Aaron's career home-run record.
The Helen Keller statue depicts the moment when Anne Sullivan spelled "W-A-T-E-R" into the child's hand "Some are still dismissed and cast aside for nothing more than being less than perfect," Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, said at the unveiling ceremony. "She embodies the American spirit of limitless possibility... her biggest desire was to leave the world a better place than she found it, and ladies and gentlemen, that's the legacy she leaves all of us."His statue was donated by the state in 1925, Riley's office said.
The ship is under the protection of a Chinese naval escort fleet, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu told Xinhua Monday.The De Xin Hai was carrying about 76,000 tons of coal from South Africa to India when it was hijacked.NAVFOR is "a military operation to help deter, prevent and repress acts of piracy and armed robbery off the coast of Somalia," according to its Web site.
The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted December 16-20, with 1,160 adult Americans, including 259 African-Americans and 786 whites, questioned by telephone.The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points and plus or minus 6 percentage points for the African-Americans sample.CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this story
Hassan also asked that Allah grant her and her Muslim sisters "patience and persistence until death," especially in the Palestinian Authority, and in Iraq, Chechnya, Afghanistan and Somalia.CNN's senior editor for Middle East affairs, Octavia Nasr, said it is not a usual practice for women linked to al Qaeda to release messages. "It signals that al Qaeda seems to be aggressively reaching out to the female population, whereas in the past their focus was mainly on men," she said.
I took the unloaded guns out in a misguided effort to play a joke on a teammate," Arenas said in a statement released Monday. "NBA spokesman Tim Frank declined to comment on Arenas' comments, deferring to an earlier statement: "There is an active investigation by DC law enforcement authorities, which we are monitoring closely.We are not taking any independent action at this time."
Grammy award-winning musicians OutKast started in a basement recording studio in Atlanta, Georgia.Apple, Google and Microsoft all were born at home-based facilities.See more famous businesses that started at home » Culinary queen Paula Deen started her media empire by making bag lunches in her own kitchen.
See who Obama may be considering for his Cabinet » "But, maybe most importantly, he's got the relationship.Manley also rejected the idea that Emanuel is a true partisan that could not work with Republicans. "CNN's Ted Barrett and Don Lemon contributed to this report.
Pickens had hoped to complete his $12 billion plan in 2014 and provide enough electricity to power 1.3 million homes.Renewable energy is the source of only a small portion of electricity used today, but in 2008, the United States became the world's leading provider of wind power.Pickens, 81, made his fortune in oil production and trading and is listed in Forbes magazine as the 117th richest person in the United States with a net worth of about $3 billion in 2007.
Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki's government deployed more troops to Maysan province where oil well number 4 is located, Iraqi security officials said.Senior Iraqi government sources initially referred to the Iranians as security forces, but the official Iraqi government statement later called them an armed group.Iraq, however, was forced to halt its exports from northern oil fields due to an attack -- the fourth in two months -- on a main pipeline Saturday about 300 kilometers (186 miles) north of Baghdad, Oil Ministry spokesman Assim Jihad said.
Monday morning, the official HBO Web site confirmed that the series finale would not be made available early, but would premiere during its regularly scheduled 9 p.m. Sunday time slot.It completely killed the whole weekend," Wallen said. "E-mail to a friend
Read how CNN analysts assess the situation » Obama also said he's going to crack down on businesses using taxpayer money to excessively pay executives.Ultimately, I campaigned on changing Washington and bottom-up politics," Obama said. "He was very systematic in saying, 'I'm going to master the job, and I understand it's going to take some time.' "
Waldo Point Harbor is one of several scenic houseboat communities in Sausalito.Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine.All rights reserved.
If you'd rather not know what happens, stop reading now.He's also known as Kumar Patel in the "Harold & Kumar" movie series.CNN's KJ Matthews contributed to this story.
The court instead said there was a more general decision by the group, linked to al Qaeda, to use explosives against Barcelona's metro, but that a specific date and place had not been determined, nor had a sufficient amount of explosives been assembled, according to a copy of the sentence viewed by CNN.Two of the 11 also were convicted of possession of explosives, but nine others were acquitted on that charge.More than 300 suspected Islamic extremists have been arrested in Spain since the Madrid commuter train bombings that killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 on March 11, 2004, Spain's interior minister has said.
Officials greet Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal, left, on Wednesday at Pittsburgh International Airport.No one will be sitting out" on the tarmac waiting, Onorato said.This time, Air Force One will have plenty of company.
This year the choice was unanimous for his obvious merits due to a lifestyle for which the words, rock 'n' roll, fall short," Antonelli's statement said.He also noted that he has never been convicted.I know that people can change their opinions... but I must say that I just note the fact that I am close to the heart of many Italians and they show this to me very often."
Two nearby buildings also face questions about their structural reliability but are not being evacuated, the station reported.Pacifica is about 15 miles southwest of San Francisco.CNN's Sara Pratley contributed to this report.
Authorities said the teen was hit at 9:02 a.m. ET.Connell said the incident occurred 11 miles north of the Baltimore, Maryland, rail station.Both Baltimore County Police and Amtrak were investigating.
Two sources said Friday that Gov. Bill Richardson of New Mexico is a serious contender for commerce secretary but that he could be chosen for another senior post.Unlike Gibbs and Pfeiffer, Moran is not already on Obama's communications team. "Among his many posts, Jones served for several years as the operational commander for NATO.
And this time, I'm taking you with me.It's so good!Once it hits your lips, it's so good!
At the top of his list: passage of legislation revising the law governing intelligence community eavesdropping and updating the presidential order that outlines the power and authorities of the community. "These documents lay a foundation to provide the IC the structure and the tools needed to continue our work, while expanding privacy and civil liberties protections to all Americans," wrote McConnell.The office was created in late 2004 as part of the effort to improve intelligence gathering after the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the United States and the faulty intelligence on Iraq weapons of mass destruction.
It was our hope that we might get a window today to take a last look," Clackamas County, Oregon, Sheriff Craig Roberts told reporters. "Mount Hood rises 11,239 feet above sea level, with a base that stretches across 92 miles (148 km).It is the highest mountain in Oregon, a dormant volcano with steam constantly spewing from holes, according to the Web site mthood.org.
Weigh the enormous cost to our struggling economy.Because the day we stop fighting for peace is the day peace will be ours.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz.
Iraqi women gather near the site of an attack in the village of al-Khazna, near Mosul, on Monday.Khalaf said the recent attacks are part of "an escalation of violence" over the past two months ahead of national elections in January. "The enemy of Iraq wants to bring down political progress in the country," he said.
Demonstrators stand outside the Capitol Power Plant in Washington on Monday to protest the plant's use of coal.The most important thing you can do is not to change your light bulb but to change [members of Congress who have been] corrupted by... dirty, filthy industry."America needs to be freed from the "carbon cronies," who are part of the "biggest threat to civilization," Kennedy said.
We take you inside an ancient wedding ceremony played out in modern times.He takes us through photos he took during his time there, now on display in London.Our correspondent Errol Barnett caught up with the iReporter behind these photos.
A spokesman for the governor's office later declined comment on the nature of the negotiations.In American Samoa, however, territorial Gov. Togiola Tulafono, told CNN that he knew of no viable plan for the siren system. "We will help the islands rebuild and recover," said Kendra Barkoff, "but taxpayer dollars will be invested with strong oversight and full accountability."
He cannot speak and cannot properly hold his head up.We put him in when we want to leave to go to the farm because he will get lost if we leave him outside," Njeri said.Like so many families with limited means in Kenya, they feel compelled to make this awful decision: locking their loved ones away from society just to keep them safe from themselves and those who would do them harm.
Shahar Peer told CNN she learned of her visa ban Saturday, just before her scheduled flight to Dubai. "On Tuesday in Dubai, Venus rushed to a 6-0 6-1 win over Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova whose Russian compatriot and second seed Dinara Safina suffered a shock exit against Virginie Razzano, of France, 6-2 6-4.Top-seeded Serena Williams came from behind to oust Italian Sara Errani 4-6 6-2 6-0 and Serbian third seed Jelena Jankovic beat Monica Niculescu of Romania 6-3 6-2 in an earlier second round encounter.
A Louisiana justice of the peace refused to perform a marriage for Beth and Terence McKay. "The U.S. Supreme Court tossed out race-based limitations on marriage in the landmark 1967 Loving v. Virginia case.In the unanimous decision, the court said that "Under our Constitution, the freedom to marry, or not marry, a person of another race resides with the individual and cannot be infringed by the State."
Everyone tried to render CPR and medical aid.He underwent surgery and was recovering Thursday night.Roxanne Johnson breathed a sigh of relief and was able finally to disconnect her phone.
While Lamprey might not be as battle-scarred as Napoleon's men, he does have a victory to celebrate: "Three Sheets" has a new home after being put in limbo for several months after its original network went off the air.We caught up with Lamprey in New York's Bubble Lounge, where he was preparing (soberly, mind you) to use a sword to lop off the end of a champagne bottle, glass neck and all.Lamprey: I'm generally a very blurry-looking person.
Lightning started the fire on September 13.But he said "some tourists already in the park are are just changing their plans and working around it."Yellowstone is a fire-adapted ecosystem, and fire plays a major role in maintaining the health of the area's wildlife and vegetation by clearing old underbrush and allowing for new growth.
Critics had feared that Afghanistan's new Shiite law would set the nation backward.French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel also weighed in. "We very much hope that the draft piece of legislation is to be withdrawn," Merkel has said.
Hoh refused. "Men and women who are saying, 'Thanks for doing this.We respect... his right to dissent."
People walk in the flooded streets of Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, last week.The flooding in Burkina Faso is the worst in 90 years, WFP said.The harvest this year will be more bountiful, he said.
Hassan is the past chairman of the Board of Directors of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) and is the immediate past chairman of the HealthCare Institute of New Jersey.He is currently president of the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Associations.In addition, he serves on the Board of Directors of Avon Products, Inc. (www.schering-plough.com) E-mail to a friend
Every now and then at Halloween you'd get joked: 'Is it safe to come to the Stoker house?It was a college writing project that revived his interest in his novelist ancestor, a native of Dublin, Ireland, who'd moved to London, England, by the time the book was written.If you don't want to read it, you don't have to."
Curtis Lavelle Vance, 29, would face the death penalty if convicted of charges including capital murder, rape, residential burglary and theft in the October 2008 death of Anne Pressly, 26.Pressly's purse was taken, police have said.Parties in the case are hoping to finish jury selection Tuesday, according to the Pulaski County Circuit Court clerk's office.
I am a psychiatrist.Criminals are expert at collecting both.Because government health programs operate on the honor system, law enforcement officials say it's easy for organized crime rings and average criminals to cash in at the taxpayer's expense.
We immediately jumped into action and alerted Vice President Gore," Lisa Ling said.Clinton wanted them to rest because they were clearly tired, "but the two of them were chatting away and comparing their experiences," Lisa Ling said.I didn't know when it would happen, but I never lost that hope."
New drug inhibits BRAF, the main driver of mutation in over 50 percent of melanomas.The other two major benefits of PLX4032 are that it can be taken orally as a pill and seems to have very mild side effects.Melanoma is a very difficult cancer to treat and the results of this early-stage trial are promising, but larger trials need to be done before we know for sure how effective this treatment is."
But would Sen. Barack Obama's election as America's first black president transform the nation?That is not who these young men are.E-mail to a friend
Jonathan Groff also came to "Taking Woodstock" with limited big-screen experience and was excited to work with Lee. "That's why they do it so often."CNN's Katie Walmsley contributed to this story.
Hundreds of millions of Chinese lack access to uncontaminated drinking water, and air pollution is blamed for myriad deaths and illnesses every year.Toxic air enshrouds cities across the country, one of the most polluted in the world.The government has stepped up anti-pollution efforts in recent years, but many companies flout such campaigns and laws.
Playing in the band "has been one of the most rewarding experiences of not only my retirement, but my life," says Stamp, who turns 78 this month. "The second time through, two people were crying, they were so touched by the music. "Her credits include books as well as print and online articles.
The mayor of Cambridge said she will meet with the city's police chief to make sure the scenario that led to Gates' arrest does not happen again. "The situation is certainly unfortunate.Gates said that although the ordeal had upset him, "I would do the same thing exactly again."
There's a good population of people in this country that are terrified of the president only because he's black, even if they don't say it.We want ratings more than we want to deliver information.I don't want to be the face on it.
The National Archives has lost a hard drive containing large volumes of Clinton administration records.If they [the National Archives' staff] can't handle a hard drive that may be sensitive properly, we need to ask the question, will they handle the most secret materials properly?"The Archives also said it has taken steps to improve security, including both physical control of records and the treatment of personal information.
When you have this major business that has been kind of taken over by corporate hands, it's like, how necessary is the black woman's perspective?"Not unless she is talking about being that kingpin's main girl and she's wearing next to nothing and she's talking about nothing that is really going to nurture the people the way we are known innately as black women being able to do, there's really no space for that type."Because when there are not enough females [in the industry], the balance is off."
The rain held off wherever Muhammad Ali went," Frankie Neylon, the town's mayor said.Ali fought in Ireland only once during his career, beating Al Blue Lewis in a non-title bout at Dublin's Croke Park in 1972.The visit to Ireland was part of a nine-day tour of Europe that Ali had undertaken to raise money to fight Parkinson's Disease and for the Ali Center.
The cross-country trip these four characters share resembles "National Lampoon's Vacation" -- if written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.Zombieland" is set in the United States months after a fast-moving virus begins turning most people into flesh-eating zombies.And now, he's got a key role in a zombie film.
Ronald Cummings plans to divorce his wife, Misty, his attorney says.The divorce agreement provides no financial terms, according to Shoemaker.On Monday, Misty Cummings left Satsuma to stay with a friend in Orlando, 50 miles south, Shoemaker said.
These are people with a lot of disposable income," Kilian said. "Women," she said, "need a lower center of gravity."The company is taking orders now, and the bikes will be available in six to nine months.
Michael Jackson died in June at the age of 50, amid preparations for his This Is It tour.AEG Live also will conduct a three-city tour of a Michael Jackson memorabilia exhibition to coincide with the film's release.The cities have not been named.
At least 100 people were killed and more than 500 wounded.Their father was killed by al Qaeda," he says.Yousif Bassil and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report
Spain's La Liga boasts 11 nominees altogether, in addition to the Barcelona contingent there is Valencia's David Villa, Sevilla's Luis Fabiano and Real Madrid's Kaka and Iker Casillas.The English Premier League follows with eight nominees; England internationals Wayne Rooney, John Terry, Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard are among those up for the award.Nominees list: Michael Ballack (Germany), Gianluigi Buffon (Italy), Iker Casillas (Spain),Cristiano Ronaldo (Portugal), Diego (Brazil), Didier Drogba (Ivory Coast), Michael Essien (Ghana), Samuel Eto'o (Cameroon), Steven Gerrard (England), Thierry Henry (France), Zlatan Ibrahimovic (Sweden), Andres Iniesta (Spain), Kaka (Brazil), Frank Lampard (England), Luis Fabiano (Brazil), Lionel Messi (Argentina), Carles Puyol (Spain), Franck Ribery (France), Wayne Rooney (England), John Terry (England), Fernando Torres (Spain), David Villa (Spain), Xavi (Spain).
N. Korean army soldiers, back, look at a S. Korean soldier, center, in the demilitarized zone in June.Watch S. Korea confirm firing of missiles » The first two missiles were fired about 8 a.m. and 8:30 a.m., Yonhap reported.CNN's Sohn Jie-Ah in Seoul, Korea, and Charley Keyes in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report
Planet Solar' would be the world's fastest fully solar-powered boat and is projected to cross the Atlantic in two weeks.See more images of the solar-powered boat » Twenty-three percent of absorbed sunlight will be converted into energy that the boat can run on, compared with 17 percent for average panels, according to Planet Solar's project manager, Danny Faigaux of Grand Chelem Management. "The dilution of our resources and fossil fuels and climate change forces us to rethink our societies."
Well, first of all, when we come in contact with someone who wants to come back -- and that's somebody who is thriving, that is mentally and physically moving forward in their life, they've demonstrated that they have a plan for what's next and they've begun to implement that plan," he said. "And there are concerns, but it's a very personal decision.And I'm gonna keep on living the dream."
A Turkana boy holds an empty cup in a village in northwestern Kenya.The remote region has no access to resources, making it especially vulnerable to natural disasters such as floods.CNN's Moni Basu and Faith Karimi contributed to this report.
Watson said an arrest warrant charging four counts of murder was issued for a suspect he identified as Marcos Chavez Gonzalez, 29.He said police believe the suspect fled the Mount Airy area in a pickup.Watson said local and state authorities were searching for the suspect, who was considered "armed and dangerous... he may be in the possession of an assault rifle."
While that may have been an error of judgment by the Australian captain, Joseph Burnett, the report accepted that other factors -- which may never be known -- influenced his decision. "More than 300 of the sailors on board the German vessel, the Kormoran, survived.The unanswered questions have haunted the families of those brave sailors and airman that never came home," Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston, the chief of the Australian Defence Force, said in a written statement.
He will be held without bond pending a jury trial.The criminal complaint does not accuse the government of Israel of any violations of U.S. law.Nozette next has a status hearing November 10 at U.S. District Court, before Judge James Robertson.
It is suposed to be a lessons-learned exercise," Bergen said. "Practically speaking, there are areas that are controlled by Taliban forces," he told the Los Angeles Times in late July.CNN's Barbara Starr, Atia Abawi and journalist Matiullah Mati contributed to this report.
Former NFL wide receiver Plaxico Burress will serve two years in prison after pleading guilty to weapons charges.The team released him in April.CNN's Chloe Melas contributed to this report
Police arrest a protester on Monday near a stadium in Guinea's capital Conakry during a protest.Women were raped by soldiers in the stadium.Following his death, Camara seized control in a bloodless military coup and declared himself president of the National Council for Democracy, which he called a transitional body that would oversee the country's return to democracy.
Garrido's life began to spiral downward in high school, his father, Manuel Garrido, told CNN. "She was raped inside the storage unit, according to the documents.CNN's Irving Last, Dan Simon and Randi Kaye contributed to this report.
Even though we're the entertainment capital of the world, we're not immune to the recession," Szabo said.But the city does need help, he said. "But the security did not seem to affect the reflective and at times festive mood at Jackson's remembrance, according to CNN correspondents.
Namias also explained that in burn cases, words must be chosen carefully when talking about patients and their condition because so much is at risk and so much can change quickly. "We're still dealing with the respiratory failure.This didn't have to happen at all."
Pakistan's parliament building was one target of a planned attack, an official says.Two women and seven children were among the injured.The Taliban claims Mehsud is alive but ill.
The pageant has dropped its lawsuit filed last month demanding Prejean repay $5,200 given her for breast implants, publicist Kenn Henman said.The court documents gave an inside look at the hostile relationship between Prejean, California pageant officials and Trump.After the Miss USA pageant, "With her new-found notoriety, an inflated sense of self, and the lure of financial gain available to her, Ms. Prejean turned even further against the Miss California USA organization, abandoned her obligations as the Miss California USA titleholder, and violated multiple provisions of the contract which governed her reign," the pageant filing said.
Neither the PGA Tour or the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) have yet to comment further on the suspension.Golf bowed to pressure from WADA to introduce drug testing in the sport last year.PGA Tour testing is administered by The National Center for Drug Free Sport every week of the season, with all samples analyzed by WADA-accredited laboratories.
If I was the guest of honor at Captain Jau's table, I certainly wasn't living up to expectations.As I raised my glass for a sip and Loukas jumped to toast the good weather for the nth time, it all became clear.Check out English-language newspaper Red Star, for informative listings and an insight into the growing English-speaking population that has stumbled upon and stayed in Qingdao.
Chelsea Clinton's love, if you ask Godwin Kipkemoi Chepkurgor.I just want to convey my message of goodwill to the Clintons," he said. "And to all of America."
From left to right, Steven Spielberg, Anil Ambani, Stacey Snider and Amitahb Jhunjhunwala.Reliance BIG Entertainment is part of the Reliance group controlled by billionaire Ambani. "Spielberg's long career as a screenwriter, director and producer has included classic blockbusters "E.T.: The Extraterrestrial," the "Indiana Jones" series and "Saving Private Ryan."
Relatives carry the coffin of Osman on Saturday after his funeral ceremony in Istanbul.Friends say he ran a successful mining business in Chile.His funeral may be a catalyst for modern, republican Turkey to overcome its historical amnesia, and come to terms with its own past," Goodwin said.
The report says the stabilization of financial markets has meant less investment in agriculture, food distribution. "An additional 265 million live in sub-Saharan Africa while 95 million come from Latin America, the Caribbean, the Near East and North Africa.We know what is needed to meet urgent hunger needs -- we just need the resources and the international commitment to do the job," Sheeran said.
Harry Potter" actress Emma Watson is an incoming freshman at Brown University in Rhode Island.Photos appeared constantly of the tiny twosome -- often with bodyguards in tow -- on their way to and from class after they moved from Los Angeles to New York City for school.We do whatever we need to do to ensure safety and privacy, and that applies pretty much to all students," Nickel said.
Rep. Mike McIntyre is one of three members of the Congressional Prayer Caucus backing the school officials.But the American Civil Liberties Union, whose lawsuit led to the consent decree, has maintained students have a right to be free from administrators who foist their personal religious beliefs on them.It added, "The tradition of offering prayer in America has become so interwoven into our nation's spiritual heritage that to charge someone criminally for engaging in such a practice would astonish the men who founded this country on religious liberty."
His father visited the country in 1992 and 1994 and met with President Kim Il Sung, Samaritan's Purse said.His mother, the late Ruth Bell Graham, attended a mission school in Pyongyang in 1934, the organization said.Later this week, Graham is scheduled to travel to China, where he'll dedicate a clinic that Samaritan's Purse built, visit a city destroyed by last year's earthquake and speak at churches, the organization said.
The running, tackling, shooting, offside-appealing proof comes with a clutch of grannies who have been playing in a fiercely competitive league around the Nkowankowa township, 600 kilometers north of Johannesburg.I wish God could bless the person who came up with this great idea."If the women do manage to take part as an hors d'oeuvre to the World Cup proper one thing is for sure, what they lack in skill they will make up for in enthusiasm.
She liked helping everyone, and overall she worked very hard.... She always had a smile for everyone."Watch how to escape from a sinking car » "Listen to me.CNN's Mallory Simon contributed to this report.
Many Gmail users encountered this error message when trying to access their e-mail Tuesday. "and inquiring 'Is Gmail down?' ") "CNN Audience Interaction Producer Eric Kuhn contributed to this story.
China has reportedly ordered 3.3 million vaccines from Sinovac, 4 million from Hualan Biological and another 3 million from the Shanghai Institute of Biological Sciences.A country with 1.3 billion people needs 1.3 billion vaccines," he says.According to Tan of the WHO, "I think one of our biggest fears is that (the H1N1 virus) could re-assort with the H5N1 avian flu virus that's out there, to create this 'superbug' which is both easily transmissible, quite lethal and quite deadly."
Just because your hotel mates are on a romantic getaway doesn't mean they're not open to company.And if you forgot your iPod, don't like spas, and can't find anyone in the entire city who isn't newly married and in love, you and your travel-mates can always place bets on which honeymooning couple will be the first to break up.TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
It is illegal for unlicensed sellers to sell a gun if there is reason to think the buyer would fail a background check.But Bloomberg has support from some in Washington, including Sen. Frank Lautenberg, D-New Jersey. "This investigation reveals how easy it is for criminals and even terrorists to purchase firearms at gun shows and is further proof that we must close the gun show loophole," Lautenberg said in a written statement.
He bounced back to win a World Cup event two weeks after his return in January 2003, and the next year reclaimed his super-G and overall World Cup titles.Nicknamed "The Herminator" for his physical, all-action style, Maier is the second-most successful male skier after Sweden's Ingemar Stenmark with 54 World Cup race victories to his name.He won two world titles in super-G and downhill at Vail, Colorado in 1999, and claimed gold in the giant slalom in Bormio, Italy in 2005.
It was sunny skies in Hong Kong, where students, parents and the elderly flooded a primary school to watch the eclipse in the southern Chinese enclave.Read blog on CNN reporter's first eclipse experience "Definitely not disappointed we came.CNN's Emily Chang, John Vause, Nishi Kumar, Yoko Wakatsuki, Stephanie Akiko Haschke, Harmeet Shah Singh and Mallika Kapur contributed to this report.
US Airways says the problems are in the past.Both airlines have 30 days to respond to the FAA's proposal for fines.In March, Southwest Airlines agreed to pay $7.5 million to settle a complaint that it flew unsafe planes.
Previous Evangelical Lutheran Church policy allows gay and lesbian clergy, lay people to serve only if celibate.Other religious denominations, including Episcopalians and Unitarians, have made moves to accept gay clergy, and Evangelical Lutherans would not be the first to accept those openly in same-sex relationships, said David Masci, a senior researcher at the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life.CNN's Josh Levs contributed to this report.
Michael Jackson loved chimpanzees, said Jane Goodall: "They made him smile."Jackson later created the "Heal the World Foundation," which he funded with a series of concerts.The group delivered millions of dollars of relief to children around the world.
For adventurous geeks that calls for a DIY fix. "Or to know all the interesting points along the river Nile?Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
This is certainly not about me."Ogletree had said earlier Gates might sue the police.CNN's Joe Johns and Don Lemon contributed to this report.
Scheherazade loved to read books and had lots of fascinating ideas and interests to share.And this man will not remain your man for long.TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
He attributed being back on his feet to "fantastic medical support" from Britain's Ministry of Defense and National Health Service. "Dressed in a white charity T-shirt and desert fatigues, he was emotional. "CNN's Richard Greene contributed to this report.
There also was a strong political motive, Hakim said. "Thomas Shannon, assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs, and two other high-level U.S. officials arrived Wednesday and met separately with Zelaya and Micheletti.The most important thing," he said, "are the assurances that Zelaya will be limited in his powers."
Zac Davis of Blue Springs, Missouri My favorite "Peanuts" strip shows Snoopy typing on his typewriter a statement that details a struggle in many men's lives (apparently even Schulz's own): "Girls and root beer are not the answer."That sums up my own feelings to the letter.E-mail to a friend
Its epicenter was 188 miles (303 kilometers) deep, the USGS said.The Japan Meteorological Agency reported its magnitude as 6.9, Kyodo said.There were no immediate reports of damage, and the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning.
Contra Costa County sheriff's Lt.Murch said she feels there is a "strong possibility" that the two cases are linked.There's nothing that we can't overcome."
Catherine Zeta-Jones will make her Broadway debut in Stephen Sondheim's "A Little Night Music."I look forward to starting rehearsal with this extraordinary group of people and working with the incomparable Angela Lansbury, whose work I've long admired."Tickets go on sale October 17 for the general public.
But when Biscardi went to the hotel, the two had left, Kulls wrote. "We wouldn't know what we were doing if we did."CNN's Peter Dykstra contributed to this report.
Air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane landed, aviation officials said.Seven people were seriously injured and emergency officials were working to free the plane's co-pilot who was trapped in the plane, officials said.CNN's Dan Rivers contributed to this report.
The player will be discharged and will now begin his rehabilitation.A return date will be determined depending on the player's condition."Roma currently lie 12th in the Serie A table with 11 points from their opening nine matches.
A premature baby rests at a hospital in Kabul, Afghanistan, in October 2007.While doctors know some of the health and behavior factors in mothers that increase the risk of preterm births, doctors have yet to identify a reliable remedy to prevent early labor, said Christopher Howson, vice president for global programs of the March of Dimes. "While much can be done right now to reduce death and disability from preterm birth even in low-resource settings, we need to know more about the underlying causes of premature birth in order to develop effective prevention strategies," Howson said.
The snakes were wrapped within white calico bags and the spiders were packed in clear plastic containers, the customs agency said.The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk, the agency said in a press release.It titled the press release: "Spiders and snakes on a plane."
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of the South Korean capital in protest at the deal South Korea banned imports of U.S. beef in 2003 amid concerns over a case of mad cow disease in the United States.In downtown Seoul, thousands of people have regularly staged protests, chanting "We don't want crazy cows," since the deal to revive beef imports was announced.The U.S. beef industry has lost up to $4 billion since the market closed, according to the U.S. Meat Export Federation.
You get a thicker skin about it, which you should because it isn't meant personally, but it's such a personal profession that you kind of have to get used to getting critiqued on things that you shouldn't even care about."I left the room completely drenched in sweat and all I could say was, 'I better get this part.'It worked out and the stuff we did in the room was the stuff we did on set."
Along the way, she breaks down complex medical terminology and explains what's going on when the body undergoes treatment like chemotherapy.Since its release in 2006, more than 145,000 free copies have been distributed, and now a new version of the game is in the works.It really makes you feel like you're engaging in your treatment."
European Union anti-piracy forces may have spotted the missing vessel Tuesday, a spokesman told CNN. "The weather in the area is quite good, he said.CNN's Adam S. Levine contributed to this report.
They're washing dishes and folding sheets -- I'm serious.I started washing dishes, and now I do this.And this is a lot of fun.
I don't know where it comes from.It sort of arrives when it wants to.... I've been painting and drawing and taking pictures as long as I've been writing music -- and I've actually been drawing longer than I've been writing music.Boyd: Painting and art are obviously in my focus, but I dream about getting a really big tube at the Bonsai Pipeline sometime in the near future.
Signs such as this were still up in "toxic zones" around Abidjan, Ivory Coast, a year after the waste dumping.the company says.Ivory Coast, a former French colony with a population of 20 million, is also known as Cote d'Ivoire.
Third, we tend to listen only to like-minded opinions as media fragmentation encourages us to filter out varying perspectives.First, the labels ascribed to many potential policy tools render sensible options taboo, loading what could be rational, economic or social measures with moral baggage.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz.
He's an implacable rationalist, urging her to confront her fears and venture into the darkest recesses of her psyche.The movie's peculiarity can be accounted for in three words: Lars von Trier.For Entertainment Weekly's review, click here.
He thinks that the government is in effect misappropriating this sacred symbol and trying to give it just a secular meaning," said Peter Eliasberg, managing attorney of the ACLU of Southern California. "Riley Bembry, who served as a medic in World War I, helped erect the cross in 1934.CNN national correspondent Kate Bolduan contributed to this report
Everything is teaching us all the same path.RZA writes in the book that he once witnessed ODB force his own son to watch him do drugs.CNN's Kyle Almond contributed to this report.
Chanel Iman is one of several models of color featured in the "Black Issue" of Italian Vogue.We just have to keep the bar high," Hardison said, "and keep showing beautiful women and pictures."Lola Ogunnaike is the entertainment correspondent for CNN's American Morning.
Pakistani customs officials destroy contraband narcotics on the border with Afghanistan.Farmers will be keeping small amounts back as credit for things such as a dowry or buying livestock," said Kemp. "Producing heroin in Afghanistan makes it easier to conceal and transport than the bulkier raw opium.
The center specializes in helping disabled people on to the water, but Hilary almost never made the 20-minute trip from her home near Canterbury in southern England. "When you leave the quayside, you leave behind the stresses of everyday life," she told CNN. "It was so exhilarating."
The Great Western Hospital sets high standards for staff behaviour at all times and therefore takes any such breaches extremely seriously.It is important to reassure patients and our workforce that this was an isolated incident and staff cover was maintained at all times. "The allegations have been thoroughly investigated and seven members of staff remain suspended pending formal disciplinary hearings."
A traditional Samoan fale is destroyed Wednesday in the devastated village of Leone.We also stand ready to help our friends in neighboring Samoa and throughout the region, and we'll continue to monitor this situation closely as we keep the many people who have been touched by this tragedy in our thoughts and in our prayers," Obama said.Journalist Jeff DePonte contributed to this report.
Russo grew up in a house full of working-class Democrats in Monterey, California, and nearly gave his father a heart attack when he became a Republican.See some of the getups and signs » "Obamacare Condense Cream of Crap soup" reads a sign in Sparks, Nevada.The message will be moderated by the time it gets to 2010," he says.
The Solar Water Disinfecting Tarpaulin could play a major role in saving lives in the developing world.The SWDT uses passive solar radiation -- a water sterilizing method approved by WHO -- which disrupts the reproduction of microorganisms.And with the likes of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and other institutions out there, he thinks the prospects for funding development and deployment look promising.
Firefighters look on as fire rages near Ocean View Drive in Los Angeles on Saturday.Watch close-up views of the fast-moving fire » "Basically, all the homes that back up to the National Forest in the La Canada-Flintridge are in danger from the fire," Jorgensen said, adding that fire officials have told residents to be prepared for possible evacuation orders.That fire was about 85 percent contained Friday evening, officials said.
If you study the legal development of Cambodia, you will understand, and not many people understand, including the NGOs (non-governmental organizations) themselves."Read about AIDS patients who were resettled to an isolated area Beng Hong Socheat Khemro, deputy director general of Cambodia's Ministry of Land Management, Urban Planning and Construction, said the government was committed to finding the best solutions for not just squatters, but the entire population, and that it is drafting legal guidelines on squatter resolution.If we have to, maybe we will walk again," she said.
When I needed advice at the start of my own tenure as press secretary, he was always generous with his time and wise in his counsel.I'll miss his support and encouragement, and I'll be keeping him and his family in my thoughts and prayers," he said.After his press secretary stint under Carter, Powell headed a Washington public relations firm, Powell-Tate, partnering with Nancy Reagan's former press secretary, Sheila Tate.
The Burmese pythons that are coming out of the Everglades are eating a lot of our endangered species and other creatures, and we want to make sure they don't breed here," said Higgins, the conservation manager for the Keys.He says it is not the snakes' fault that they ended up in the Everglades, but he acknowledges the problems they are causing on the Florida ecosystem and the need to do something. "One down, 100,000 to go," he said.
The other creatures carelessly came into view as though the roads and cars were just a natural part of their habitat, a mild annoyance at worst.However, Kruger National Park seemed to fit, quite perfectly, my idea of the African savannah.The preserve faded silently behind us, and the road ahead paved my way to Swaziland for a short stopover before continuing to the second part of this South African journey.
Human Rights Watch advocacy director Tom Malinowski says Obama should have met with the Dalai Lama.These are small steps.They're certainly in the right direction."
Russia's Foreign Ministry had no comment when asked about the video.Kyle Hatcher has done nothing wrong," he said. "CNN's Matthew Chance in Moscow and Paul Courson in Washington contributed to this report.
She's searching for a fiscally well-endowed, genetically attractive mate, and Mark ain't him.Mark has drawn the short straw with the 14th century (no one wants to hear about the Black Death), and he's about to be fired, as his secretary (Tina Fey) is eager to tell him.For Entertainment Weekly's review, click here.
Fans who miss the MTV show, which will air live at 9 p.m. ET Sunday at New York's Radio City Music Hall, can preview the documentary online at www.thisisit-movie.com beginning Sunday night, the network said.See guests arrive to awards show » British comedian Russell Brand will return to host Sunday's Video Music Awards for the second straight year.It will be the first time the awards show has aired from New York since 2006.
A man fights against strong winds in Hsintien, Taipei county, Taiwan, on Friday.The storm's impact had already been felt by Friday morning, with mudslides and landslides occurring on the island.CNN's Brandon Miller contributed to this report.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei speaks during the announcement that Sadeq Larijani, right, will head Iran's judiciary.Others have raped our detained young men with such brutality that they [the victims] have been afflicted by depression and are no longer speaking with anyone and refuse to leave the dark corners of their houses."Larijani on Wednesday challenged Karrubi to "present evidence of such outrages" for the Majlis to investigate, according to Press TV.
Students gather for the emotional assembly at their school in Padang, Indonesia.Many are clearly traumatized by what happened, mentioning how scared they are that another quake will again turn their world upside down.Slowly the students at this highly-acclaimed school will refocus on their studies, but no one will forget that day at the end of September when everything changed in Padang.
English Premier League side Chelsea have been banned by FIFA from signing any new players until 2011 The punishment, which would prevent any new member joining the squad until 2011, was dished out after the club were found to have "induced" Gael Kukuta to breach his contract in a transfer from French league side Lens in 2007.As a result the player was condemned to pay compensation in the amount of €780,000 ($1.1 million), for which the club, Chelsea, are jointly and severally liable, and sporting sanctions were imposed on both the player and Chelsea in accordance with art.The transfers of Switzerland's FC Sion were frozen until the end of the 2010 season after they attempted to sign Egypt's Essam El Hadary before the goalkeeper's contract with Al-Ahly had expired.
When the couple splits, one parent typically makes a complete and lifelong break from the children.But Japanese authorities disagree.And from the other side of the glass barrier, he gave a thumbs up, mouthing the words, "Thank you."
Plus, you get more personal attention: Developers submitting their app through Cydia need only contact Freeman, and their app can be made available almost immediately.This limitation inspired digital rebels to hack away at the iPhone's closed platform in an effort to free its mind.Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
Dawn Warfield sold one of her two video stores to help reduce her debts.Are you fighting the recession, using innovative techniques to stay ahead in this economy or overcoming financial adversity?Share your story with us by sending an e-mail to realstories@cnnmoney.com , and you could be profiled in an upcoming segment on CNN.
If the German people vote for peace, then the Mujahedeen will choose peace with Germany as well," he said. "And with the withdrawal of the last German soldier from Afghanistan, the last Mujahed will also leave Germany.Al Qaeda gives you their word."
Phillips recalled the way Bijou immediately came to her aid when she was arrested last year for cocaine and heroin possession. "The whole thing is timed."Chynna added that she hopes her sister will take her experiences and use them to help others, offering one piece of advice: "Get the Lord on board, because you'll need it."
There are too many musicians/writers to name.Rouse told the paper.Rouse: I'm currently working on an Afro-Brazilian record in Spanish.
CNN sat down with Diamant, a daughter of Holocaust survivors, to talk about her latest book, the reason this story is relatively unknown and her attempt to stay out of Middle East politics.And I thought there's a novel.So it's acknowledged in here, but it's not the center of the book.
J. Crew's shares jumped 10 percent within 24 hours after the nation saw her in its clothing, which prompted NBC's Conan O'Brien to suggest the president consider wearing a Buick.Forbes lists her among the "Most Powerful Women," and there's no doubt she's expanding the boundaries of perceptions surrounding the role of a "traditional" first lady, balancing her visits to homeless shelters and military bases with taking part in her children's soccer games.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leslie Sanchez.
Horia Cretan climbed up a fire escape and helped save a boy through the window of a burning building.And the whole community's just being great.Adopting me like a son, and I'm a part of a big family and I'm happy to have them in my life."
In order to feed all 3.8 million people for the next six months, WFP and the Kenyan government will require strong support from donors in the weeks ahead," the report said.More than 17 million people across the Horn of Africa need help from the United Nations, which is battling funding shortfalls.Some of the most dire nations include Somalia and Uganda, which need $164 million and $96 million respectively.
This option is only available at select Wendy's, and it's also known as the Meat Cube.Several places, including McDonald's and In-N-Out, will serve you the Neapolitan milkshake.All rights reserved.
Worst in Britain: The Bullring Shopping Centre in Birmingham was voted as the country's ugliest building.Although the buildings shown are scattered across the globe, they share several things in common.We'll publish the best.
Zhuo Lin, center, mourns at husband Deng Xiaoping's funeral in 1997.He was under house arrest for two years, paraded in a dunce cap through the streets of Beijing and forced to wait tables at a Communist Party school.To complete the last trip with her beloved husband, Zhuo chose to have her ashes scattered at sea as her husband's were," Xinhua reported.
The Obama administration is pushing for the government to use cloud-computing technologies.Parr said most government data is public anyway. "So I definitely don't expect to see the CIA posting private documents on Scribd," he said, referring to the site where people can publish documents and other writing.
He also described the moment of his father's passing. "Watch sons tell of their last year with their father » "He also was able to enjoy a lot of accolades, not just from obviously his natural constituencies in the Democratic Party, but... quite moving testaments from many of his Republican colleagues," Teddy Kennedy Jr. said. "My dad had the ability to just connect with anybody."
Jon Gosselin, here with his sons, was photographed on vacation with another woman.Once he gets the feeling that 'I'm loveable; I'm worthy; someone loves me for me and wants to put me first,' " Feinstein theorized, "then that person he is dating, either he will dump her, or she will dump him."He told People that he felt "very relaxed" during his time away, though he added: "I keep thinking about the kids and missing them."
Angela Merkel has pledged to be "a Chancellor for all Germans".But its traditional coalition with the Christian Social Union -- who won 6.5 percent of the vote -- means that the CDU/CSU bloc won 33.8 percent of the vote.The biggest winners on election night were the Free Democratic Party (FPD) whose share of the vote rose nearly five percent from 9.8 to 14.6 percent.
And when they stopped dating, when I was 15, I wasn't unhappy to see him go.This didn't happen in our case.Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
She founded Wheels of Success in 2003 with two donated cars.Want to get involved?Check out Wheels of Success and see how to help.
Tavss was removed from duty for 72 hours, evaluated and then cleared by Noriega to return to patrol, which is departmental policy.He also questioned the policy that allowed him back on the street so quickly. "In fairness to the officer, you don't put him on the street, with a gun and a badge, to be in this situation without allowing for a period of decompression -- for the officer's sake, to get some help," Contini said.
I think the debate about Richard III is probably the key thing.Gregory: Oh yes.I never think about what will happen with it after I am done.
President Obama addresses reporters before leaving Trinidad for Washington on Sunday.The president was criticized over the weekend by several leading Republicans and former CIA director Michael Hayden for releasing four Bush-era memos outlining terror interrogation methods used against suspected al Qaeda operatives.Read about Hayden's criticism When he released the documents Thursday Obama said the United States needs to "right its course in concert with our core values."
A bomb Tuesday injured relatives of Mohammed Dahlan, the Palestinian Authority's national security adviser.In January 2007, Hamas gunmen tried to kill Dahlan's bodyguard.CNN's Talal Abu-Rahma in Gaza City contributed to this report.
The Marine Corps fears that social media sites such as Facebook could pose a security risk. "The Department of Defense is getting ready to unveil a new home page, packed with social media tools.Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
It's not for me to say, and time will tell," he said.He wasn't at the Pentagon.CNN's Joe Johns contributed to this report.
His portable geothermal generator units cost from $350,000 to $375,000, each with the potential to generate enough power for 250 average American homes per year. 'Imagination is so important," said Karl, whose resort houses 65 employees and can house 210 guests at maximum capacity. "If Bernie Karl, one of the smallest mom-and-pop operators in the world, can do these things, then why can't all of us?"
Surveillance video shows storekeeper Mohammad Sohail holding a robber at bay with a shotgun.He says, 'Don't call police, don't shoot me, I have no money, I have no food in my house.' "The guy, you know, everybody has a hard time right now, it's too bad for everybody right now in this economy," said the storekeeper.
She has a husband and three sons.In response, Lynch made "focus on the family" a key part of Fort Hood's environment.What remains to be seen is whether his ideas about putting families first and creating "resilient soldiers" will carry on at Fort Hood after he leaves.
Ugandan police ride past a burning barricade in the Natete suburb of Kampala on Friday.Bagandans are the dominant ethnic group and one of four ancient kingdoms in the nation.Journalist Samson Ntale in Kampala, Uganda, contributed to this report.
A British Marine is shown in Arbroath, Scotland, last year on the eve of a six-month tour of duty in Afghanistan.See a map of Helmand province » Britain's Chief of the Defense Staff, Jock Stirrup, issued a video statement in which he mourned the latest losses.We knew from the start that defeating the insurgency in Helmand would be a hard and dangerous job, but it is vital."
The International Paralympic Committee subsequently decided to scrap the category due to the difficulties of assessing the disabilities of performers.It was not long before a few members of the crowd came forward to reveal that they had seen Ruiz simply jump in during the last half-mile, where she duly sprinted to the finish line.Johnson protested his innocence but, after a two-year suspension, he was banned in 1993 for testing positive again - and this time it was for life.
I finally got it finished in the clinic... I'm calling it 'Too Much Money.'In fact, Dunne has said, he was so daunted by their talent that it probably delayed the start of his own writing career by decades.Asked if he believed in past lives, Dunne, ever the firm believer in second acts, said: "I believe in future ones."
Amnesty claims Gambian President Yahya Jammeh, pictured in 2006, invited "witch doctors" to the West African nation.It also said it was concerned that a prominent opposition lawmaker, Halifa Sallah, who was arrested earlier this month after investigating the witchcraft claims for a newspaper, could be at risk of being tortured while in custody.Halifa, a former presidential candidate, heads the People's Democratic Organization of Independence and Socialism and is minority leader in Gambia's national assembly.
The first list I really remember making was taking an inventory of every piece of clothing in my closet and seeing how many different outfits I could make.She has a degree in journalism and is a former TV producer.]Tahari: I definitely think he is taking after me.
On Thursday, Taiwanese Premier Liu Chao-shiuan examined the island's emergency operation center and asked all personnel to stay on high alert over the next day, with the typhoon forecast to "affect all regions of Taiwan," according to CNA.Taiwan and eastern China are particularly vulnerable to flash flooding and mudslides because of the proximity of the mountains to the sea.Once it hits land, Morakot is expected to weaken to tropical storm strength, the Central Weather Bureau reported.
A boatman transports three empty wooden coffins on the edge of Laguna Lake east of Manila on Thursday.Rescue trucks were hampered by floodwaters that reach the roofs of single-story houses, Baraan said.Journalist Lilibeth Frondoso and CNN's Judy Kwon contributed to this report.
Police refused to comment on the case or the report. "Naureen Shah with Human Rights Watch says the report is based on interviews with 80 police, 60 alleged victims and other experts. "He says "If those who control the police have no will to reform it, then nothing is going to happen."
Tyler's fall was the second mishap for the lead singer during their tour with ZZ Top.Five shows were postponed in July after Tyler sprained his leg.The band said refunds will be issued for all canceled shows.
Movahedi had thrown something over her.I was just yelling, 'I'm burning!I always see myself as someone who can see and sometimes see myself in a beautiful wedding gown, and why not?"
The president is committed to ensuring that fairness as well as working on and fulfilling other promises that he has made in the campaign around things like 'don't ask, don't tell,' " Gibbs said.The act used the government's interest in opposing incestuous marriages to support its position against same-sex marriage.I think people will wait through the first two legislative sessions, but then after that some of this stuff does need to move to the front," he said.
Golf previously featured at the Paris Games of 1900 and in St Louis in 1904, while Olympic medals could be won by rugby players who contested the 15-a-side format from 1900-24.Meanwhile, Rogge has been re-elected unopposed as president.The Belgian will serve his final four years, which takes him through the London 2012 Olympics before stepping down in 2013, after being re-elected by 88 votes to one.
Watch a report on suspects behind the blasts » U.S. Embassy Press Attache Paul Belmont told CNN no U.S. casualties have been confirmed and that the embassy was monitoring the situation closely.That seems to be the epicenter of the bomb." "contributed to this story.
George Lucas says he was "completely surprised" by "Star Wars in Concert."I was completely surprised by it.And I've seen other live orchestra performances with "Star Wars" images, but nothing like this -- I mean this really works, because it was edited specifically to bring out the emotion.
Other pieces that sold Thursday included a celadon ground butterfly vase.The Qianlong period piece sold for US $2.74 million (HK $21.3 million).CNN's Pauline Chiou contributed to this report.
Your Constitution guarantees me a speedy and fair trial," James von Brunn said from his wheelchair.Kramer also convinced the judge to order a competency exam, which will include observations as to whether von Brunn understands the charges and can assist in his own defense.The 89-year-old World War II veteran did not explain his remarks.
In some cases, they work together.There are two main reasons, he said: geography and an incompetent and corrupt government. "It's a lose-lose situation, no matter how you look at it," she said.
American Airlines issued a statement confirming some employees had been arrested, but could not confirm the number because of its privacy policy, spokesman Tim Wagner said in an e-mail.The airline has been working with authorities, he said. "As a company, we hope that the actions of a few employees don't reflect negatively on the tens of thousands of ethical American Airlines employees who work hard to serve the public daily," Wagner wrote.
The new travel rules are the latest "visible" expansion of the Secure Flight program.In May, the federal government began the first public phase of "Secure Flight" when four small airlines began asking passengers to provide their names, as the names appeared on the government-issued IDs they would be traveling with, when making reservations.The TSA says it plans to vet 100 percent of passengers on all domestic commercial flights by early next year and 100 percent of passengers on all international commercial flights by the end of 2010.
Hurricanes 101: How hurricanes are classified » The storm was moving northwest near 10 mph, and a gradual turn to the west-northwest was expected over the next 48 hours. "If anything, it will be a rain-making system over the (Hawaiian) islands," said Richard Knabb, deputy director of the Central Pacific Hurricane Center.Knabb said there are no real storm preparations under way in Hawaii, but officials are keeping an eye on the storm "just in case."
I think people just decided to pull back," McLean said. "We had good times working in there.It wasn't a glamorous job, but we had fun and we got along, and I miss seeing those people every day."
Mexico's super-featherweight Juan Manuel Marquez was dispatched by the "Pac Man" before the 30-year-old secured further wins against America's David Diaz (lightweight) and Oscar de la Hoya (welterweight) before a devastating show of force against British light-welterweight Ricky Hatton.Cotto survived a recent split decision result against Ghana's Joshua Clottey despite suffering a bad cut over one of his eyes during the bout and has only lost once in his career thus far to 31-year-old Mexican Antonio Margarito.Arum said a press tour with the fighters will start Sept. 9 in Los Angeles.
Nonsense!Copyright © 2009 Jane Velez-Mitchell.All Rights Reserved.
Indian auto-rickshaw drivers have often been accused of overcharging, refusing short trips and misbehavior.Traffic authorities have in the past opened a range of avenues for passengers to lodge their complaints -- such as on help lines, via text messages or simply calling a telephone number printed on the three-wheeled cabs. "The India image that we strive to convey to a foreign tourist depends, to a large degree, on how good the taxi/auto-rickshaw (driver) that he or she meets is in his demeanor and conduct," Banerjee remarked.
He was the first sitting head of state to be charged for war crimes when he was indicted in 1999.Kosovo's government declared its independence from Serbia in February 2008 after being administered by the United Nations since 1999.The U.S., Britain and France have recognized Kosovo's independence, but China and Russia joined Serbia in opposing the move.
In fact, unless you like spontaneous hat parties and have a thing for sleeping under tables, it's best not to hang out in the reception room.Productive.Might as well.
She said EMS fired her after she complained about what she said were unsafe conditions. "There are millions of other janitors and millions and millions of other companies that are going through same similarities or different similarities, but they're going through things that are not right and not safe."CNN's Marcus Hooper contributed to this report.
Watch more on Australian vaccine trial » The archbishops note that this practice is widely observed in Anglican churches throughout Africa. "Communicants receiving in this way need to be confident that the clergy and all assistant ministers follow the relevant guidance on hygiene," they write.The Archbishop of Canterbury is the spiritual leader of the worldwide Anglican Church, the second-largest Christian denomination after the Roman Catholic Church.
Jaycee Dugard was locked in a shed tucked under a blue tarp in her alleged captor's backyard.They are all in good health," Kollar said in response to a question about how Dugard and her children are doing. "But living in a backyard for the last 18 years does take its toll."
A young girl wears a mask at a hospital in Hanoi.The symptoms of swine flu are similar to that of seasonal flu and include fever, cough, sore throat, aches and runny nose, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.A significant number of infected people have also reported diarrhea and vomiting.
CNN: What did he think about the album?Williams: I would love to sell a million records.I would love to play in arenas -- but what I really want to build is a core fanbase, and just hopefully build a place in the Williams family.
Italian soldiers with UNIFIL and Lebanese security forces inspect a rocket site in Qlayleh, Lebanon, on Friday.The shells landed near the southern Lebanese village of Qlayleh around 3 p.m. (8 a.m. ET), a Lebanese army official said.CNN's Michal Zippori in Jerusalem and Nada Husseini in Beirut, Lebanon, contributed to this report.
They were granted joint custody of their son.Robinson and his brother Rich formed the band that would eventually become the Black Crowes in the 1980s.The Crowes' new album, "Before the Frost... Until the Freeze," is in stores now.
Organist Marilyn Haskel rehearses for Easter services at St. Paul's Chapel in New York.Haskel rehearsed two pieces: "God's Paschal Lamb is Sacrificed for Us" and "Good Christians All Rejoice and Sing."For me, in being able to be here -- and meeting people who were here during 9/11 -- to be able to play organ music that should be happening in this room is a great honor," she said.
Google complied with the court's ruling, submitting the creator's IP address and e-mail address.The unidentified creator of the blog was represented in court by an attorney, Anne Salisbury, who said her client voluntarily took the blog down when Cohen initiated legal action against it.We also take great care to respect privacy concerns and will only provide information about a user in response to a subpoena or other court order," Google's Andrew Pederson said.
Other pieces that sold Thursday included a celadon ground butterfly vase.The Qianlong period piece sold for US $2.74 million (HK $21.3 million).CNN's Pauline Chiou contributed to this report.
The man drove the bus for less than a mile before a student confronted him and the bus crashed into a wall off the road, according to police.The unmanned bus continued until it left the roadway and crashed.Somebody hijacked the bus.'"
iReport.com: Share your thoughts on Obama's speech White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Monday that "it's a sad state of affairs that many in this country politically would rather start an 'Animal House' food fight rather than inspire kids to stay in school."Thinking about my kids in school having to listen to that just really upsets me," suburban Colorado mother Shanneen Barron told CNN Denver affiliate KMGH last week, before the text of the speech was released. "After reading the text, he said, "My kids will be watching the president's speech, as I hope all kids will."
To keep the kids happy, there will be red, white and blue bouncy castles as well as balloons and face-painting, according to the group's Web site.July Fourth, eh?To secure a reservation, head to the 12th Gate Web site.
He said he believes it was billing records that were accessed.Gibbs said that anyone viewing the records likely would have been able to see phone numbers and the frequency of calls Obama made, but that "nobody was monitoring voicemail or anything like that."CNN White House correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report.
The Taliban's overthrow in 2001 seemed to open the door to new opportunity.The nonprofit organization has been working with the government of New Zealand to distribute $1.2 million over a three-year period to develop eco-tourism as an industry in Bamiyan.They were sent by their organizations from less secure parts of Afghanistan, to take temporary shelter within the mountain walls of Bamiyan Valley.
And he never moved. "A NATO spokesman said the defense of the outpost was "heroic."We all love each other very much," Stafford said.
Protesters display slogans in front of the House of Representatives in Manila on Tuesday.They are conclusions, opinion, inferences, and even arguments," Garcia said, according to the news agency.Her six-year term ends in 2010.
The United Nations and the European Union have condemned the coup and have refused to recognize the provisional government led by former congressional leader Micheletti.Micheletti has insisted that Zelaya was not overthrown but instead was replaced through constitutional means.The Honduran political crisis stems from Zelaya's desire to hold a referendum that could have led to extending term limits by changing the constitution, even though the country's congress had outlawed the vote and the Honduran Supreme Court had ruled it illegal.
Carol Daniels, a 61-year-old pastor, was found nude behind the altar of a church in Anadarko, Oklahoma.She also suffered wounds to her hands, a typical spot for defensive wounds resulting from attempts to ward off an attack.CNN's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report.
President Reagan died in June 2004 after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease.Since his death, Nancy Reagan has remained involved with the national Alzheimer's Association and its affiliate, the Ronald and Nancy Reagan Research Institute in Chicago, Illinois.However, she has appeared in public only rarely in recent years.
Three reasons," Schneider said.The White House on Monday launched what it calls a Health Insurance Reform Reality Check Web site designed to combat what the administration considers misinformation about the issue.The Web page features Obama aides discussing various aspects of health care reform.
Give lead single "The Journey" a spin, and check out the music video to see some lovely scenery from the Emerald Isle.O'Riordan was only 18 years old when the Cranberries found success with their debut album "Everybody Else Is Doing It, So Why Can't We?"Brothers Mike and Noel Hogan were 16 and 17, respectively.
CareerBuilder.com) -- If you love the nightlife, and, perhaps more importantly, you like to boogie, why wait until the weekend?What they get paid: $35, 755 (average annual salary) Event Photographers What they do: Photographers produce and preserve images that paint a picture, tell a story, or record an event.The information contained in this article may not be published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
Check back for updates on his trip.What can I say?I'm not a wine drinker.
And that's what it's going to take for it to be for the American people.Now, 15 years later, Obama potentially faces a similar fate.CNN's Dana Bash, Paul Steinhauser and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report.
And I think that has been missing in their [White House] campaign," she says. "Borger said that the first lady is playing a completely different role. "It's a much more supportive role, and it's a role out of the policy arena, but more in the arena of just why we ought to think we need reform."
People have their own emotions, that energy," Buckley said. "She crushed a handler in her enclosure at a Texas zoo where video shows she'd been beaten into submission with ax handles. "This is the most amazing work to do in a person's lifetime."
In 1960, he was named executive producer of "The CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite," a position he held for five years.Nine of them are terrible.His funeral will be private.
Other warrants were linked to Operation Condor, which involved a network of secret police agencies in the region that targeted political opponents in the mid- and late-1970s, and a plot against communist leaders known as the Calle Conferencia case.About half of those named in the warrants were facing charges related to the Pinochet regime for the first time.The warrants included former military and police officers who were members of Pinochet's feared intelligence service, known as DINA.
Raymond J. Clark III appears in court Tuesday in New Haven, Connecticut, where he is charged with murder.Clark is not a Yale student, but has worked as a lab technician at the university since 2004.All the dreams and hopes of your future gone with you to your resting place," Vivian Van Le said, according to her son.
Texas is like a whole other planet.Willie Nelson didn't get on the radio until he left Nashville.Perfect.
Watch CNN's Ted Rowland's report on Brianna. »For comfort, she had her mastiff named Fezzik.CNN's Doug Gross contributed to this report.
Phil Spector's prison mug shot, taken June 5, shows him without a hairpiece.Spector's professional trademark was the "Wall of Sound," the layering of instrumental tracks and percussion that underpinned a string of hits on his Philles label, named for Spector and his business partner, Lester Sill, in the early 1960s.CNN's Alan Duke contributed to this story.
And Ohio, it's time to act to get this done."He outlined Democratic health-care proposals that include a public option as part of a menu of insurance choices, including private health-care plans, that the legislation would create. "CNN's Ted Barrett and Dana Bash contributed to this report.
During the war, Lynn was known as the "Forces' Sweetheart" for hits such as "The White Cliffs of Dover" which struck a chord with British soldiers fighting overseas and audiences at home.Britain's Queen Elizabeth II awarded the veteran singer the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1959 and in 1975 made her a dame.According to the Official Charts Company, the reissued Beatles albums took in the fifth, sixth, ninth, 10th, 21st, 24th, 29th, 31st, 33rd, 37th and 38th spots.
Tropical Storm Claudette is seen off the coast of Destin, Florida, on Sunday afternoon.Tropical Storm Bill -- which is forecast to become a hurricane on Monday -- was in the Atlantic heading west-northwest with maximum sustained winds of 70 mph.The storm's center was about 1,320 miles (2,120 kilometers) east of the Lesser Antilles shortly before 11 p.m. ET Sunday.
They kept it under wraps.Fleeman told King that Jenkins was arrested and charged with domestic assault against Fiore in Nevada in June and that Jenkins was supposed to go to trial in December.And he's certainly dangerous because he's desperate," Rackauckas said.
A "zombie walk" at Comic-Con will promote the upcoming "Zombieland" movie.Fleischer said those portraying a modern zombie should think like "a rabid dog."While Harrelson will be at Comic-Con to promote the movie, it was not known if he would be kept away from Thursday's zombie walk.
President Mugabe and his wife, Grace, arrive for a ZANU PF party youth conference on Friday. "They want to poke their nose into our own affairs.CNN's Per Nyberg in London, England, contributed to this report
The report urges speedier production of the H1N1 vaccine and the availability of some doses by September.Set up surveillance systems to track information about influenza-like illnesses. •CNN's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report.
It hits other media groups, but Clarin is the one it hurts," said Daniel Kerner, an analyst at Eurasia Group.Although the proposed legislation would not affect newspapers, Grupo Clarin's other business interests in cable, television and radio would be forced to be sold off or restructured. "[CNN en Español's Guillermo Fontana contributed to this report.
The other thing is if you marry a geek, you know you can keep them at home with the latest science fiction books or video games."They dated long distance for a year before Olsen proposed the following year at a Dragon*Con costume competition.They will look at you and say, 'You're weird.' "
He was 64.His unique mixture of expertise in the media, military affairs, and U.S. government policy, added to his compassion for vulnerable refugees, made him one of the great voices in humanitarian advocacy," said Joel Charny, acting president of Refugees International. "Refugees International said a memorial service would be held in September.
Motorola is the latest to pull back its luxury line.Their manufacturers have had better luck in emerging markets.Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
Frankie Neylon, the town's mayor said.Ali fought in Ireland only once during his career, beating Al Blue Lewis in a non-title bout at Dublin's Croke Park in 1972.The visit to Ireland was part of a nine-day tour of Europe that Ali had undertaken to raise money to fight Parkinson's Disease and for the Ali Center.
Fathers bring their sons, and sons come with their grandfathers.I've cut grandfather's hair, his son's hair and his grandson's hair," says barber Carolyn Wilson, who has been cutting hair for 17 years. "It's been around forever and always will be."
Yet even in places like Michigan, where unemployment is a whopping 15 percent -- well above the national average of 9.5 percent -- Jones understands there's skepticism about his message.You say, 'Oh no, oh no -- you're gonna talk about the caulking gun.We want to bring green jobs to people who don't have hope."
The presence of a major research university does not, by itself, guarantee economic progress beyond the direct jobs that the university creates.Research universities are at the heart of Pittsburgh's transformation, and they are a key to our collective future.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jared L. Cohon.
North Korean Yun Young-Seob hugs his South Korean sister Yun Bok-Seob at a 2007 reunion in North Korea.Tours to Keumgang were halted in July 2008 after North Korean soldiers killed a South Korean tourist who strayed into a restricted area.CNN Correspondent Sohn Jie-ae contributed to this report.
Michael Jackson's estate provides $86,000 a month for Katherine Jackson and her grandchildren.The petition estimated Michael Jackson's estate is worth at least $500 million and is growing.Major deals have been reached in the past month that are expected to add tens of millions of dollars to the estate, including a movie and music deal with Sony.
An adult Raptorex was about 9 feet tall and weighed about 150 pounds, scientists say.Raptorex really is a pivotal moment in the history of the group where most of the biological meaningful features about Tyrannosaurs came into being," said lead author Paul Sereno, a paleontologist at the University of Chicago. "The Raptorex fossil will eventually be returned to China, where it will be put on display near the excavation site, scientists said.
In a unique experiment, the residents of Britain's Scilly Isles are hoping to show that reducing your electricity consumption doesn't have to be difficult.Prescott is also the founder of "Ban the Bulb" -- an energy efficiency campaign which is helping phase out the use of incandescent light bulbs in 30 countries.The event has been organized as part of a four-day Earth Summit event which has seen the Isles of Scilly play host to fellow islanders from Samoa, The Galapagos Islands, Madagascar and the Carteret Islands -- whose inhabitants are some of the first people being displaced by rising sea-levels.
Indonesian counter-terrorist police commandos secure the damaged Ritz-Carlton hotel in Jakarta.In August 2003, the same JW Marriott Hotel that was attacked Friday was bombed, killing 12.But we will find out the perpetrators."
It was there that he went to bat for low-income black parents who, like scores of parents who send their kids to underperforming schools throughout America, are caught in a frustrating and almost comical paradox.What Obama "gets" is that America's public schools often underperform and help cheat students out of brighter futures for three main reasons: 1) There are low expectations, not just for students but also for parents, schools and whole communities that are written off as not able to compete academically.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr.
When he came to the national team, after the Roma game, he told us what had happened and he told us that without the medicine that contained cortisone he would have had a reaction, an anaphylactic shock," Castellacci said. "We asked Juventus for all the necessary documents regarding the medicine taken by Cannavaro and all the communication is in our possession."Cannavaro will not travel to Dublin for Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Ireland as he serves a one-match ban, but is expected to lead the Azzurri in Wednesday's qualifier against Cyprus in Parma.
I decide that while his mother is gone, I will Ferberize him.4:27 a.m. I'm wide-awake because Jack (15 months) kicked me in the groin.Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
The Script includes, from left to right, Glen Power, Danny O'Donoghue and Mark Sheehan.If there's a message to younger musicians, to me, it's 'don't give up,' " says O'Donoghue. "Magic can happen."
District 9," the alien action pic produced by Peter Jackson, crushed the competition grossing $37 million. "Rounding out the top 5 were "Julie & Julia" (No.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
They were the ones building this station.Tens of thousands of people were executed and millions were forced into the gulag labor system.CNN's Wayne Drash contributed to this report.
Girls know it too.That said, this entertainingly oddball offering does twist fresh kinks into a genre that's always crying out for new blood. "Jennifer's Body" is rated R and runs 102 minutes.
Growers' priority is on taste and texture versus transportation," Feenstra says.Locally grown foods As people seek fresher foods, they have begun to connect with local family farms.She lives in New York City.
Tavss was removed from duty for 72 hours, evaluated and then cleared by Noriega to return to patrol, which is departmental policy.He also questioned the policy that allowed him back on the street so quickly. "In fairness to the officer, you don't put him on the street, with a gun and a badge, to be in this situation without allowing for a period of decompression -- for the officer's sake, to get some help," Contini said.
SPDC is the Shell Petroleum Development Company, the national oil and gas company in Nigeria.After oil spills, the air they breathe smells of oil, gas and other pollutants.CNN's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report.
The Arctic Sea had been missing since July 31.It was scheduled to arrive in North Africa on August 4.On Saturday Finnish police told CNN that a ransom demand had been issued to the ship's owners, Solchart Management, for the return of the vessel.
Police gather at the rehab facility where 17 people were killed in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, late Wednesday.By comparison, the homicide rate in New Orleans, Louisiana, the deadliest city in the United States in 2008, was 64 homicides per 100,000 residents, based on preliminary FBI figures.CNN's Arthur Brice and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report.
Fear that they've done something wrong and fear of shame of the 'unmarried' mother bringing to the family."Grace did not suffer significant injuries or long-term damage, police told reporters.She is in the care of government officials who are looking at long-term arrangements that would be best for her.
Country music icons Hank Williams and Johnny Cash also were Martin men. "The company has passed the business down from one Martin to the next.I can't tell you the number of people that tell me the Martin guitar that they own is the best one we ever made."
Odierno pointed to the August 19 bombings in Baghdad that targeted the Ministries of Finance and Foreign Affairs that killed more than 100 people as an example of ongoing challenges in Iraq.However, Odierno gave a vote of confidence to the Iraqi forces who had taken over security for Baghdad after U.S. forces handed over control. "The Iraqis wanted to be in charge; they wanted the responsibilities; and they have demonstrated that they are capable," he said.
Claims for allowances for second homes -- which most lawmakers have because they need to be in London for parliamentary business -- were a big point of controversy.Hearing from the serving soldiers about how they were having to work there to earn enough money to buy themselves decent equipment, while the MPs could find public money to buy themselves all sorts of extravagances, only added to the feeling that the public should know what was going on."Since 2006, we have delivered equipment valued at more than 10 billion pounds ($16 billion) to the armed forces."
Fans who miss the MTV show, which will air live at 9 p.m. ET Sunday at New York's Radio City Music Hall, can preview the documentary online at www.thisisit-movie.com beginning Sunday night, the network said.See guests arrive to awards show » British comedian Russell Brand will return to host Sunday's Video Music Awards for the second straight year.It will be the first time the awards show has aired from New York since 2006.
The Bush-era proposal called for the United States to set up a radar site in the Czech Republic and 10 missile interceptors in Poland to counter the threat of Iran launching long-range missiles at America's allies in Europe.The new system will have "hundreds" of missile interceptors instead, a Pentagon official said last week.It also will have mobile radars, including some in space, "that can move to wherever the threat actually emanates and wherever we feel we need to defend ourselves," said Gen. James Cartwright, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The caiman was 1.1 meters long (3.6 feet), the Italian Forest Service said.In August 2008 in Naples, authorities found a 2-meter-long (6.5-foot-long) crocodile at the home of a man known for drug dealing, they said.CNN's Hada Messia contributed to this report.
A satellite image from 2 p.m. ET Sunday shows a tropical storm nearing the Florida Panhandle.The storm could bring 3 to 5 inches of rain, with isolated amounts up to 10 inches, and storm surges across portions of North Florida.Bill may reach Category 3 status as it bears down on the Leeward Islands Wednesday or Thursday, he said.
People gather outside the Iraqi Foreign Ministry on Wednesday in a residential area in Baghdad.U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Chris Hill and Gen. Ray Odierno, the top U.S. commander in Iraq, issued a joint statement condemning the bombings. "Major incidents of violence in Iraq since 2008 include: CNN's Arwa Damon and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
James Elder, spokesman for UNICEF in Sri Lanka has until September 21 to leave the country.Elder has often spoken to the media about the agency's concerns about children caught up in the country's civil war and the conditions they endure at camps for the displaced. "CNN's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report.
The exact number of people on the bus remained unknown.The bus holds 52 people, Tunquipa said, but it was overcrowded, with people standing in the aisle.CNN's Mariano Castillo and Esprit Smith contributed to this report.
A police Swat team enter a G4S cash depot in Vastberga, Stockholm.But Bengt Svensson, the head of Swedish police, defended the police officers' actions. "Just because we now have criminals who act like they do in the movies doesn't mean that we can do it as well," Svensson told Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet.
But this Cup has been a battle in the New York courts and all teams who want to compete have been locked out of the game until the head-to-head between the U.S. and Europe has been settled -- a compelling story even before the first match between the two teams has been held.When the first match takes place, it will be in the two fastest, most extreme boats ever to have competed in the America's Cup.Having already sailed the European Alinghi entry, Shirley Robertson becomes the first person in the world to have sailed both boats, as she joins the BMW Oracle Racing team in San Diego on board their spectacular multihull, and heads out for a Pacific Ocean training session.
Becoming the face of beauty products and design houses, her successful modeling career has given her a life far removed from her childhood.Yet for Dirie more importantly it has created a platform to campaign against FGM.In 2002 she created the Waris Dirie Foundation and has been given a number of honors in recognition of her work.
Floodwaters hit the ranch of Ed and Nancy Wellham on Monday.They thought they'd be fine till daylight," she said.Self said her grandmother's home, which is also on the property, flooded so much that it is a total loss.
Obama rejected criticism from some liberals that a final bill would be too watered down, saying in the PBS interview that the bill delivered most of the benefits he listed when the debate began back in January. "This notion that somehow this health care bill that's emerging should be grudgingly accepted by Democrats as half a loaf" is wrong, Obama said. "This is 95 percent of the loaf."
A source at the airport's public relations division confirmed the arrest but declined to be named.Coolio is best known for his 1995 hip-hop hit "Gangsta's Paradise."Efforts to reach his publicist were unsuccessful.
Cuomo said the interview lasted three hours.Depending on your point of view the good news or the bad is that it's been edited down to just enough to fit in to tonight's one-hour ABC show "Primetime Family Secrets," at 10 p.m. ET.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Lugo is a former Roman Catholic bishop who has been involved in several paternity controversies in the past year.He is expected to remain in the hospital until Saturday afternoon and then recuperate for three to four days in the presidential residence, spokesman dos Santos said.Lugo will carry on a restricted agenda while recuperating, the spokesman said Journalist Sanie Lopez Garelli contributed to this report.
Al-Shabaab militants ride through Mogadishu, Somalia, after a religious gathering in September.The United Nations estimates that 60 percent of the people it needs to reach with emergency assistance live in areas controlled by Al-Shabaab. "It does mean that aid may get to certain parts of the country but not others."
Shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, Holness' car was located by a D.C. police officer on a Washington street. "Maryland State police homicide detectives have taken custody of the car," Shipley said.State police are not yet sure how the car got to Washington.
The Casablanca bombings in May 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers.Rehou is wanted in Spain for belonging to a terrorist group, and is thought to have formed part of a cell created in Spain in 2002, with the aim of recruiting fighters to carry out attacks in Morocco, Spain and other countries, the police statement said.The meetings at his home lasted six to eight hours, with the screening of videos that included sermons and scenes promoting holy war, the statement said.
No.Make no mistake: The cost of our health care is a threat to our economy.And, of course, the Democrats lost control of Congress in 1994 for the first time in 40 years, and it took them another 12 years to get it back," Schneider said.
The company shut its Harare factory last month, complaining of harassment by authorities after it refused to take milk supplies from a farm that had been taken over by President Robert Mugabe's family as part of his controversial land reform program. "Critics say Mugabe's seizure of white-owned commercial farms to resettle landless black Zimbabweans -- who have no farming experience -- has ruined the country's once-prosperous economy.Mugabe, in power since independence from Great Britain in 1980, denies the charge, and says the economic crisis is due to sanctions imposed by Western nations in response to his land reform.
Earn it."6.E-mail to a friend
That will be the debate this week.Wednesday also brings the Federal Reserve's latest report on consumer credit.Enjoy the week.
Afghanistan Defense Ministry spokesman Gen. Zaher Azimi said the code is " propaganda" and that the Taliban "will never implement that."It was against all the laws of war," Azimi said.CNN's Ivan Watson, Tim Schwarz and Joe Sterling and journalist Janullah Hashimzadeh contributed to this report
At least four cold-related deaths have occurred in Tennessee.Some states were still dealing with the aftermath of the first cold snap.CNN's Jim Kavanaugh contributed to this report.
Since the first World Autism Awareness Day last year, a couple of studies and a major court decision declared definitively that vaccines do not cause autism.What remains unclear is if the numbers really went up or if counting these children differently led to the increase.If you get them employed, you won't have to pay for them forever," Searing said, adding it's much better to "turn these people into taxpayers instead of tax takers."
Homes are destroyed.Pictures showing just how crippled some areas of the city are.We'll look forward to reading them, and we'll look forward to seeing you tomorrow for more CNN Student News.
Once you get in, you're floating, you're weightless, and everybody becomes equal," Oglesby said.He is one of more than two dozen disabled veterans who have participated in the Fish Wish program at the Georgia Aquarium in Atlanta during the past two months.Emotionally, your spirit is lifted, and you're able to enjoy yourself for once."
The latter means that a patient may be having trouble sleeping because of a health condition or medication.In reality "the average American sleeps just under seven hours," he said. "I just deal with it, go to work and wait for the weekend."
She recalled being hospitalized for three days with a high fever, a horrible headache and body aches.Health Minute: More on West Nile virus risk » "People tend to discount this as a significant problem," Petersen said, "but more than 1.5 million people have been infected so far in the United States, and about 300,000 have had West Nile fever."I think West Nile virus is here to stay, and I can't tell you how many cases will occur this summer, but there will be epidemics."
Health Minute: Watch more on special needs baseball » During a game, the children are paired with young helpers from another local baseball league.And what does he think is the best part about playing baseball?Pointing past his wheelchair to the smooth surface of the field, he said simply, "No ruts."
The source, who lives at the family home in Kaduna in northern Nigeria, said the son informed his family in the text message that he was leaving school in Dubai to move to Yemen.He said he heard fire extinguishers as he pulled Abdulmutallab out of his seat and dragged him to the front of the plane.CNN's Elise Labott, Jeanne Meserve, Carol Cratty, Richard Quest and Nic Robertson contributed to this report.
Several FFDOs contacted by CNN said DHS has made getting recurrent training onerous for pilots, limiting the number and sizes of classes.Pilots also must pay for their own hotels and food during training -- "our own time and our own dime," said one pilot -- placing a further burden on them.Had the loss of certification occurred, it would not have affected the pilots' flight clearance, only their ability to carry weapons.
The other passengers were scheduled to continue their trip at 4:30 p.m. ET, he said.On Wednesday, NORAD escorted a Hawaii-bound plane back to its origination city of Portland, Oregon, after a passenger gave a flight attendant a note that was interpreted as being threatening, the federal complaint and supporting affidavit said Friday.The passenger, Joseph Hedlund Johnson, 56, told the FBI he hadn't intended to scare anyone with the note, which began, "I thought I was going to die," and referenced the television show "Gilligan's Island."
Visit CNNhealth.com, your connection for better living Oh, and by the way, the drug isn't cheap.Until you have lost your eyelashes, you don't really realize how hard it is to put eye makeup on," she said. "When you lose your eyelashes you just don't look the same."
Sabre is analogous to a sprint," she explained. "It's over very quickly, and you have to put a ton of energy into changing your momentum."But I think this is it for me."
RRP is not passed through casual contact, and there is no cure.That's what those children breathe like when they first come to our attention," Sobol described.You actually get to have fun and use your voice."
But he stresses that keeping the joints healthy in the first place may be the key to running longevity.It gives me an edge when I go in to work."And I do expect and hope to be running when I'm 60 and when I'm 70 -- I truly do."
Eli Hummer, 3, gets to try out an oversized motorbike at the circus.Masta smiled as her daughter handed her a rainbow-colored lollypop to unwrap. "The kids feel special because they get to actually do something that the other kids don't do, and it is a real treat," Masta said.
One of the reasons kids don't tell their parents they are being bullied is the fear that their parents will run in and do something about it and they think that will make it worse."You often know them, your kids have been in school together, you feel like calling them up...so they're on the defensive and really it's never a point of resolution."We're here to learn."
With more than 98 percent of polling stations counted, billionaire businessman Sebastian Pinera led ex-president Eduardo Frei with 44 percent of the vote to Frei's 30 percent, Chile's interior ministry reported. "Under Chile's constitutional term limits, a president cannot run for a second consecutive term.A fourth candidate, Arrate of the Communist Party, garnered 6 percent of Sunday's vote, according to the early vote figures.
His research shows that those with ADD or ADHD are two to three times more likely to have an auto accident, three times more likely in the first five to eight years of driving to have their licenses revoked and five times more likely to get a parking ticket.Chris Zeigler Dendy, author of "Teenagers with ADD and ADHD," raised a son and a stepson with the condition. "She reported no wrecks, no tickets and no problems so far.
For almost five years, Poole jumped from doctor to doctor trying to figure out what was causing her symptoms. "Experts aren't sure what causes it, but many believe many factors are involved.It wears you out, mentally, physically and emotionally."
The German has been a consultant with Ferrari, for whom he won five of his drivers' crowns, since he ended his career in 2006.Having said that, it is not 100 percent decided.I don't know what he will decide for the future, but I extend to him, and indeed his twin brother, my very best wishes."
Ten were admitted, he said, and five remain hospitalized Thursday afternoon.The flight was carrying 148 passengers and six crew members when it landed in Kingston, the airline said.CNN's Jim Barnett contributed to this report.
Skipper Neville Crichton's 100-foot vessel has led since leaving Sydney Heads, and moved more than 10 nautical miles ahead at the halfway stage in the evening.In 1998, six competitors died and several boats were lost during a fierce storm on the first night.Two years ago the fleet was also hit by similar conditions, and eight yachtsman had to abandon a sinking craft.
All will be revealed this Sunday when the final UK singles chart before Christmas is announced.Will the talent judge be celebrating his fifth "Christmas Cowell" in a row or will he be overcome by Rage?We'll have to wait and see.
A judge in Nanterre, near Paris, questioned Chirac Friday morning over the employment of seven people who were hired by the city of Paris in the early 1990s.The former president denies the accusations. "CNN's Luc Lacroix contributed to this report.
It's disappointing in the sense that he is just back in the team and doing exceptionally well, so it was disappointing it happened."However, Beasley's international teammate Maurice Edu boosted his chances of playing at next year's World Cup finals in South Africa after making his first appearance this season.The midfielder, who suffered a serious knee injury in the final SPL game of last season, came off the substitutes' bench for the final 15 minutes at Easter Road.
Coming back with an empty agreement would far worse," Gibbs said Thursday.It's unfortunate that there have been problems with the process, difficulties with certain parties being willing to come to the table, all kinds of discussions and disagreements, sometimes about the past rather than about the future."And to all nations I say: It is not enough for us to do the least we can get away with when history asks that we demand the most of ourselves."
The ruling by Chief Justice Gilmar Mendes will reunite a 9-year-old boy with his father, David Goldman, who has been locked in a custody battle with the family of the boy's deceased mother.The custody battle began in 2004, when Goldman's wife, Bruna Bianchi, took their then-4-year-old son from their home in New Jersey to Rio de Janeiro for what was to have been a two-week vacation.CNN's Mariano Castillo and Adam Reiss contributed to this report.
The company announced later that Monday service will be halted as well to allow for more test runs.The trains became stuck in the tunnel because the air inside was much warmer than the air outside the tunnel entrance in France, Eurostar spokeswoman Amelle Mouhaddib said. "CNN's Paula Newton and Melissa Gray contributed to this report.
Instead of traveling to Brasilia, where the high court is, Goldman planned to stay in Rio de Janeiro on Friday, where he is just miles from Sean.That decision was made in accordance with the 1980 Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of Child Abductions. "CNN's Adam Reiss contributed to this report.
Christopher Drotleff and Justin Cannon are charged with two counts of second-degree murder and one count of attempted murder each in connection with the May shootings in Kabul.Blackwater denied the accusations.Last week, a federal judge dismissed manslaughter charges against five Blackwater security guards involved in the killings, finding that prosecutors wrongly used the men's own statements against them.
The cross-Channel operator said a partial train service would resume Tuesday but that was little comfort to many. "However, Nicolas Petrovic, Eurostar chief operation officer said a full service would not resume until after Christmas, according to AFP.CNN's Paula Newton, Melissa Gray and Phil Han contributed to this report.
The audacity and boldness of this crime deserves the full attention of the Polish government."The center calls itself one of the largest international Jewish human rights organizations.CNN's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report.
Massa will become the third celebrity to wave the chequered flag at Interlagos in the past eight years, following in the footsteps of Pele and model Gisele Bundchen.Hopefully, Massa will at least have his eyes on the conclusion of what could be the title decider, unlike Pele, who famously failed to carry out his duty.The legendary footballer was looking the other way when Michael Schumacher beat his brother Ralf by half-a-second in 2002.
Poverty is more pronounced among indigenous populations and those who live in rural areas.In the nation's highlands, where many indigenous people live, seven of 10 children under age 5 are malnourished, the World Food Programme says.About 40 percent of the nation's more than 13.2 million citizens are indigenous Mayans, according to the CIA World Fact Book.
The 17-judge court invalidated the National Reconciliation Order, saying in its ruling that the amnesty "seems to be against the national interest" and "violates various provisions of the Constitution."It's whatever the courts decide.We will cross that bridge when it comes," Baber said.
Hasan was not involved in terrorist activities or terrorist planning," it said.Hasan, 39, was wounded several times during the attack.CNN's Brian Todd, Pam Benson, Mike Mount and David Mattingly contributed to this report.
The most recent government study says 99.8 percent of children reported missing were located or returned home alive.The number of child abductions investigated by the FBI during this decade has topped 2,000.Abductions by strangers amount to only a fraction of 1 percent of total kidnapping cases.
Hine also is caring for two other orphans -- a niece and a younger granddaughter -- as well as Palesa and Alebohang, whom Hine took responsibility for when her own mother died of AIDS.Watch why school is being investigated » According to an article in The Cape Argus, a Cape Town newspaper, the dorm parent allegedly grabbed a pupil by the throat and threw her against a wall, the girl claimed.E-mail to a friend
A jury convicted Alamo in July on 10 federal counts covering offenses that spanned 11 years and dated back to 1994, according to documents from the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Arkansas.And he betrayed their trust."Never will."
The Embassy said the warning initially came from the Bali governor, Mangku Pastika, and that it passed on his alert verbatim.The group was also said to be behind an attack on the Australian embassy in Jakarta in 2004 in which nine people died, and an attack on the same Marriott hotel that killed eight the same year. --CNN's Atika Shubert in Bali and Andy Saputra in Jakarta contributed to this report.
The e-mails date from 2003 to 2005, and had been "mislabeled and effectively lost," according to the National Security Archive, a research group based at George Washington University.Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington represented Wilson and her husband, former U.S. Ambassador Joseph Wilson, in a lawsuit over her exposure, which they argued was in retaliation for his accusation that the Bush administration over-hyped the intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq.A federal judge dismissed the case on procedural grounds in 2007, but Sloan said the missing e-mails raise the "strong possibility" that special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald never received all the documents he requested during the leak investigation.
I want the public to know that every resource at the local [and] at the state level is being applied to deal with this to bring comfort and safety to the community" and to find the individual or individuals responsible.A joint task force of local, state and federal fire officials has been formed to investigate the circumstances under which the fires started, Scheibel said.All of the blazes have been extinguished.
NPR: Intellectually disabled student wins dorm suit Detroit News: Student wins housing fight William Koch The Palm Beach, Florida, billionaire says that a 1787 Lafite Bordeaux with Thomas Jefferson's initials etched into the bottle is fake. "So Koch sued the seller and has filed four other lawsuits.They intrigue us.
According to the CDC seasonal flu and H1N1 symptoms consist of fever, more painful body aches, dry cough, diarrhea and severe fatigue.If you have the flu, the CDC recommends you stay home for at least 24 hours after your fever is gone.It's the best way to keep others from getting infected.
I really think that closing the court could make this matter very uncivil and potentially open the door for poor influences on Bristol and her attorney that may be extremely inappropriate and potentially harmful to Tripp," he said.So, I think a public case might go a long way in reducing Sarah Palin's instinct to attack and allow the real parties in this litigation, Bristol and I, to work things out a lot more peacefully than we could if there is any more meddling from Sarah Palin," Johnston said.She must wear an ankle bracelet for electronic monitoring, Corrections Department spokesman Richard Schmitz said.
Voters line up Saturday in Dededo, Guam's largest village.Both Cameron and Bordallo have endorsed Clinton.CNN Research Director Robert Yoon, CNN Political Producer Ed Hornick and special contributor Jayne Flores contributed to this report.
It has been imposing stricter rules on Somali civilians living in the areas it controls.Earlier this month, Al-Shabaab militants whipped women for wearing bras in an area of northern Mogadishu that they control, shocking residents who have been besieged by the ongoing insurgency.The militants believe the female undergarments are a deception to men.
Paul M. Merhige is accused of fatally shooting his twin sisters, a 6-year-old cousin and a 79-year-old aunt at a family home in Jupiter, Florida, on November 26.Jim Sitton, father of 6-year-old Makayla, who was killed, told CNN affiliate WPTV late Saturday that he would "sleep a little better tonight." "He also had faked or displayed symptoms of chronic fatigue syndrome, and taken several prescription drugs for the ailments, the agency said.
The lawmakers warned that "our armed forces are in the midst of a suicide epidemic."White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said the president himself asked for the review. "CNN's Adam S. Levine, Larry Shaughnessy, Mike Mount and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report.
Farouk1986" introduced himself to a Muslim online community with these words in February 2005. "i have no one to speak too, no one to consult, no one to support me and i feel depressed and lonely.CNN's Alden Mahler Levine and CNN Homeland Security Correspondent Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report.
Up to 6 feet of water spilled into an industrial park in the Upper 9th Ward late Monday morning, pouring through small gaps in the concrete flood walls before receding in the afternoon.And in the far eastern Atlantic, Tropical Storm Ike formed Monday with maximum sustained winds of 50 mph, the National Hurricane Center said.It was headed toward the Bahamas CNN's Kathleen Koch, Jeanne Meserve, Mike Ahlers, Morgan Neill, Matt Sloane, Susan Roesgen, Chris Lawrence and Ali Velshi contributed to this report.
The DEA identified the agents killed Monday as Forrest N. Leamon, 37, of Woodbridge, Virginia; Chad L. Michael, 30, of Quantico, Virginia; and Michael E. Weston, 37, of Washington.Leamon and Michael were members of the DEA's Foreign-deployed Advisory and Support Teams, and Weston was assigned to the agency's Kabul office.CNN's Carol Cratty contributed to this report.
But this year, he's worried.1 producer of oranges in the country. "The citrus industry has a 9 billion-dollar annual economic impact," says Florida Citrus Mutual spokesman Andrew Meadows.
One official says the VA can offer women better medical care than they would get in private practice.The government investigators also found that exam tables were not oriented away from the door or shielded properly by curtains, as is required, and there was a lack of toilets near the facilities where gynecological examinations were conducted.And only two of the facilities provided sanitary napkin dispensers in at least one public restroom for women.
Rose of Sharon" sounds exactly like an old folk song.CNN: Is there a song on the album that speaks to you more than others?So what's the big f****** deal?
Obama leads Clinton in the crucial delegate count -- 1,369 to 1,267, according to CNN calculations.For that reason, he said, "That's a pretty remarkable person to keep that enthusiasm and drive and continue to have that grit 30 years later."E-mail to a friend
The discovery came Tuesday afternoon after a search team found tire tracks leading to a stock pond for cattle five miles northwest of Dickinson, North Dakota, Lt.After the calls ended abruptly, the teammates contacted law enforcement and the search began.Dickinson is almost 100 miles west of Bismarck, North Dakota.
With a more pop-friendly sound but with the couple's positive and mesmeric vocals and Bagayoko's guitar playing, the duo have been feted by musicians across the world; the played opening sets for the Scissor Sisters and will be the opening act for Coldplay on their latest tour.Having made the transition from world music to international pop sensations the couple talk to African Voices about their journey through music, coping with the setback of blindness and how their careers are on a high over 30 years after they began singing.Watch the show on CNN on Saturday July 25, 12.30, 21.30 GMT and Sunday July 26, 18.00 GMT.
A federal court ordered the men released, but an appeals court halted that order.China has said no returned Uighurs would be tortured, but it has warned other countries against taking the men.Foreign Ministry spokesman Jiang Yu told reporters in February that the men "must be handed over to China and brought to justice."
Kaffashian said Iran's soccer league routinely sends New Year's greetings to all members of FIFA, the sport's global federation, except for Israel.Iran does not recognize Israel, which it dismisses as the "Zionist entity," and the two countries' teams do not meet in international competitions.Mohammad-Mansour Azimzadeh Ardebili, the head of the league's foreign relations office, resigned over the matter, Kaffashian said.
Law enforcement authorities said they were investigating an incident but gave no details.The incident, according to the Post, occurred during a Wizards practice day at the Verizon Center, the team's arena in downtown Washington.CNN's David Close and Rick Martin contributed to this report.
At a news conference in the Somali capital of Mogadishu, al-Shabaab spokesman Sheikh Ali Mohamud Rage said, "We are very happy with the Somali national who attacked the house of the Danish cartoonist who previously insulted our prophet Mohammed.Video showed him appearing at court strapped to a stretcher.CNN's Per Nyberg and reporter Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report.
The most pressing question for aspiring video creators: How do you repeat that kind of success?Comedy has geographical limitations however: What's funny in one country may be unfathomable in another.We'll know it when we see it.
I already have to spend $4 a gallon on gas, why would I spend $4 for 12 oz of coffee?It's as expensive as smoking, think of all the money you can put into savings if you brew your own coffee.Gimme a hometown-y joint that ain't too expensive and supports our veterans like Just Plain Joe's, and I'm OK! :)
Or not going to the cinema -- we were upset about those little things which we couldn't do, but we really didn't really take it seriously at that time."It's a pity, but also -- maybe her diary would have never been published."CNN's Don Riddell contributed to this story.
And in that period, she kept up this regimen that she had begun at the Iowa Writers' Workshop of writing every morning for three hours, even if it meant sitting in front of a blank page.... [Near the end of her life] she was editing her final stories and hiding them under the pillow in the hospital from the doctors so that she could go on.And I'd had a few hunches about her from reading the stories, which were a little mysterious.... And then when I read the letters, a lot of those hunches seemed true.... Trying to put the life of this woman together with the stories became as interesting as the stories to me.You get the sense that this was almost a magical thinking, where she thought that writing these stories was keeping her alive.
Newark Liberty International Airport, which is about 15 miles from Manhattan, is the second-largest hub for Continental.The airport handles about 35 million passengers a year.CNN's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report.
The United States Global Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria Reauthorization Act of 2008, which President Bush signed on July 30, 2008, removed the statutory requirement that mandated the inclusion of HIV on the list of diseases of public health significance that barred entry in the United States.The legislation did not, however, automatically change the existing regulations, administered by HHS, that continued to list HIV as a "communicable disease of public-health significance" and required the more cumbersome visa process.The United States was one of 13 countries that restricted entry of HIV-positive visitors, according to amfAR, an AIDS research foundation.
For the eastern Pacific, it has been about a near-normal season.It has gotten much busier here during the month of August," Brown said.CNN's John Lorinc contributed to this report.
Using these modern technologies, Iran's armed forces are capable of catching the enemies off guard, identifying their software and hardware potential and depriving the enemy of movement and maneuverability," Vahidi told Fars.The development comes as the international community considers additional sanctions against Iran should Tehran not answer questions about its nuclear program.Western powers fear Iran is intent on developing nuclear weapons, an allegation Tehran denies.
Anjem Choudary has accused soldiers of "murderous crimes," and said the United States and United Kingdom are seeking to "establish their own military, economic, strategic and ideological interests in the region."The group had announced its intention to stage the protest earlier in a short statement on its Web site. "To date there has been no contact from Islam4UK or any other group wishing to arrange such a march in Wootton Bassett," they said.
Red flags warned people to stay out of the water, in case they needed any reminding.A dangerous storm surge along with battering waves will produce significant coastal flooding along the Baja California Peninsula," NWS said.CNN's Betty Nguyen and CNN Radio's Matt Cherry and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report.
Thursday's court action is separate from union plans to ballot its members about whether to strike over the Christmas holiday period, a Unite spokeswoman said.Unite still plans to hold the strike ballot, possibly as early as next week, regardless of how the High Court rules, she said.The contractual changes are part of the strike ballot, but other issues include jobs and pay, she said.
The government of Yemen is going to need our help in combatting al Qaeda," McCain, R-Arizona, said. "U.S. lawmakers have highlighted what they say are the threats posed by terrorists in Yemen. "In September 2008, 10 people were killed -- among them police and civilians, but no embassy employees -- when insurgents opened fire and set off explosions outside the compound.
Watch Blues ply his trade » For the past 14 years, Blues has had a one-man-band blues show that he performs in the shadow of the Old Torpedo Factory, located on the boardwalk in the heart of Old Town.Blues says he will play on the street "as long as there are people here to stop and listen."Then he runs his slide up the neck of his steel guitar.
We're going to have to wait for this pipeline of aid coming in from various places around the world to be set up and put into full gear before Haitians can get all the help that they need," Aiken said. "That's all part of this."But he said, for now, the priority is to rescue as many people as possible -- and get supplies in as quickly as possible.
Nidal Hasan say he was a loner who had no luck finding a wife, and a criminal profiler said the Fort Hood shooting suspect fits the profile of a mass murderer better than that of a terrorist.But an employee of the Defense Department's Criminal Investigative Services, assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force, decided to drop the investigation after reviewing the intercepted communications and Hasan's personnel files.CNN's Drew Griffin, Elaine Quijano, Carol Cratty and Brian Todd contributed to this report.
A former U.S. intelligence official identified the suicide bomber Monday as Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi.The eighth victim was Jordanian Army Capt.An American intelligence official vowed last week that the United States would avenge the attack.
The December 30 suicide attack killed seven CIA officers and contractors, along with a Jordanian military officer who was the attacker's handler.A second U.S. military official said the guidance is meant to adjust procedures as quickly as possible on a large scale. "CNN's Barbara Starr and Pam Benson contributed to this report.
The left-hander was unbeaten on 162 at stumps on the third day, having added a record 230 for the second wicket with Hashim Amla (95) as the home side reached 312-2 in Cape Town's intense heat.We don't know what sort of conditions are going to arrive tomorrow.If it plays as easy as it has today, we have got a chance."
Satyam Chairman B. Ramalinga Raju The news sent stocks of the Hyderabad-based Satyam Computer Services into free fall.It continued through the years, he said. "CNN's Bharati Naik contributed to this report.
In other pre-Olympic news, leading U.S. snowboarder Kevin Pearce suffered serious injuries in training for the halfpipe event in Utah.Reports said Pearce hit head on the halfpipe while attempting a complex move and was taken to a hospital in Salt Lake City.He was among the favorites for gold at the 2010 Vancouver games having beaten 2006 Olympic gold medallist Shaun White in recent competitions.
CNN: Why?That's why I think, in second half of the 20th century, you saw this kind of change where John F. Kennedy was probably the first television politician.It looks like a collision of images on the screen.
Cabin crew staff voted overwhelmingly in favor of the strike.I'm not disappointed for the people that can get away at Christmas," Simpson told CNN. "--CNN Business Correspondent Jim Boulden contributed to this report.
Kids play cricket through a downpour in New Delhi as monsoon rains came early to the area this week.But they can grow about three to four feet long.And at the velocity a plane lands, the [lizards] can still cause damage."
NASCAR star Gordon claimed his first victory of this year's race, and his third overall, as he snatched the quickest time on the shortened 163 kilometer stage from Fiambala in Argentina to Copiapo in Chile.It's on this type of terrain that the Hummer is doing great," Gordon told the race's official Web site. "His compatriot David Casteu, riding a smaller 450cc Sherco machine, was runner-up to retain second overall -- almost nine minutes behind with 10 stages left.
The discovery of a new gene mutation may allow those with ALS in their family to be tested.Both genes help in building and transporting proteins and making sure they're in the right place in cell structure -- a process called RNA processing.Bruijn says a test "will be possible; however, currently, it is not widely accessible" and "it would only be used in familial ALS patients."
These are assets I need to run well, but they didn't make me feel like an attractive woman. "There are a couple of girls -- who I won't name -- in world athletics who are Olympic champions, but they look like men and I don't want to be like that."Rawlinson won the 400m hurdles at the 2003 Paris world championships and four years later in Osaka, Japan.
Henin, playing her first tournament since May 2008, fought back from a set and 4-1 down against her fellow Belgian before losing 6-3 4-6 7-6 (8-6) in almost two and a half hours.Clijsters clinched her 36th WTA Tour title, leaving Henin stuck on 41. "The 20-year-old Belgian, who won her appeal against a one-year ban for failing to report her whereabouts for doping tests, defeated top seed Flavia Pennetta 6-3 6-2 to clinch her third WTA Tour title.
Erik Prince, founder of Blackwater, is pictured in Afghanistan in November 2007.When Erik Prince first opened his Blackwater training facility in the late '90s, his clients included special forces teams and law enforcement agencies from around the country.Especially under the threat of possible prosecution, should it go that far.
John Brennan, the assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism, said on CNN's "State of the Union" that the security breakdown in the failed bombing of the Northwest Airlines flight was different from the September 11, 2001, terror attacks. "A lot of people buy their tickets in Africa with cash.The directive also increases the use of enhanced screening technologies and mandates threat-based and random screening for passengers on U.S. bound international flights."
A resumption of conflict between north and south in Sudan, meanwhile, would make a sustainable peace impossible in Darfur, a region of western Sudan that has been the scene of what the U.S. calls genocide, the aid groups said. "About 2,500 people were killed and 350,000 fled their homes in southern Sudan last year, the aid agencies said.International donors and the government must urgently improve aid to these areas."
But those who visit a new exhibit at Walt Disney World's Epcot theme park can actually take a ride on their fantasy creations.McTyre was not involved in the new ride at Epcot.The Raytheon Company, a maker of weapons and defense systems, said it sponsored the exhibit as a way to get middle-school aged kids more interested in careers in math and engineering.
Cooper's program attempts to help patients from the moment they arrive because victims of violence face a greater risk of receiving another violent injury.Using that scalpel blade to save their life is the first step," Cooper said. "Check out the Violence Intervention Program and see how to help.
MPD Assistant Chief Peter Newsham said the uniformed officer was responding to a 911 call that someone -- apparently the plainclothes officer -- had a gun, according to WJLA.The uniformed officer holstered his weapon when he recognized the plainclothes officer, Newsham said, according to WJLA.The police statement said "there is no evidence that [officers] pointed any weapons in the direction of the crowd or at any individuals."
With as many as 30,000 residents, it has all the trappings of an American metropolis: malls, softball fields, subdivisions and as many as nine schools.And many of these soldiers have been deployed multiple times, so this has put a lot of stress on these soldiers and their families. "CNN's Barbara Starr, Adam Levine, Mike Mount and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report.
That's just the most vulnerable time of your life," he said. "Before, I was getting in trouble," Knockum said. "Check out The Roots of Music and see how to help.
Although he said he generally holds different political views from those of the president, Skip Rollins said that supporting American soldiers, both living and dead, "should always be a nonpartisan issue."The couple said they make the trip to their son's grave each year around this time for their son's birthday and for Veterans Day. "CNN's Leslie Bentz contributed to this report.
Mir Hossein Moussavi, an opposition candidate in the disputed June 12 presidential election, blamed the fire at the office of Nasrollah Torabi on plainclothes militia on Moussavi's Facebook Web site, where he also posted photos.He said intelligence agencies and the Interior Ministry must investigate the fire and punish those responsible.A prosecutor said seven people died, including Moussavi's nephew, in the demonstrations.
My name is Shinseki, and I am here to end veteran homelessness," VA Secretary Eric Shinseki said Tuesday in a speech to the National Summit on Homeless Veterans.Efforts to expand have been met with opposition, as in the case of a seven-year effort in California's San Fernando Valley to build a new treatment center that has been opposed by local communities. "The VA was behind it, but the neighbors don't want those people in their neighborhood," Reinis explained.
The group also released an audiotape Friday, though CNN could not confirm that the voice on either tape belongs to Mehsud.At times they spread the propaganda in the media that 'We have martyred Hakimullah.'CNN's Pierre Bairin contributed to this report.
I raised him with the understanding that when you choose to do something, you do it to the best of your ability," she said in a statement to WCVB. "He was powerful, ingenuous and determined."CNN's Thomas Evans contributed to this report.
About 250 detainees remain held at Guantanamo and about 60 of those detainees have been cleared for release by the Pentagon, but their home countries will not take them or the U.S. believes they could be harmed by their governments if returned.President-elect Barack Obama has said he intends to shut down Guantanamo.Earlier this week, two sources close to the Obama transition team said he could issue an order to do so as early as his first week in office, saying that Obama believes "the legal framework at Gitmo has failed to successfully and swiftly prosecute terrorists."
Among the five were two policemen and one national security staff member, Interior Minister Mohammad Hanif Atmar said at a news conference.Atmar said that the coordinated attacks struck the city over a span of two hours and 45 minutes and that they targeted civilians.CNN's Dan Rivers and Atia Abawi contributed to this report.
Most of their employees were not Muslim, the former employee said, and Muzzammil Hassan himself was not devout.Hassan came to America from Pakistan 25 years ago and became a successful banker, but he and his wife were troubled by the negative perception of Muslims, Voice of America reported in 2004.CNN's Mary Snow contributed to this report.
When news first broke Thursday that a shooting at Fort Hood, Texas, killed and injured U.S. soldiers, the national communications director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations wrote a statement of condemnation.We urge national political and religious leaders and media professionals to set a tone of calm and unity. "Unfortunately, based on past experience, we also urge American Muslims, and those who may be perceived to be Muslim, to take appropriate precautions to protect themselves, their families and their religious institutions from possible backlash."
Gordon Smith gave Hearts the lead on the stroke of halftime but one of their fans was ejected after a flare was thrown as the players left the field at the interval.Anthony Stokes leveled for the home side in the 54th minute, but three minutes later Ruben Palazuelos of Hearts and Hibernian's Darren McCormack were shown red for head-butting each other.Hibernian stay third with 33 points and Hearts are fifth.
As the storm continued its northward trek late Sunday, Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in South Carolina was closed at 9 p.m. for snow removal from runways, according to the Federal Aviation Administration.It was snowing in Atlanta, where Delta is based, and 2 to 4 inches was expected.CNN's Sean Morris, Lee Garen and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report.
In Jackson, Tennessee, a tornado trapped Union University students and retirees in collapsed buildings, said Julie Oaks, a spokeswoman for the state's Emergency Management Agency.We're going to keep watching this," he said.E-mail to a friend CNN's Saeed Ahmed, Mark Bixler and Ed Payne contributed to this report.
A report issued by the United Nations in July said that the criminal gangs behind much of the drug trade in West Africa were becoming involved with e-waste trading.In 2005, more than 500 containers full of e-waste entered Nigerian ports every month, according to the Basel Action Network, a U.S. NGO campaigning on issues surrounding toxic waste.Until then, toxic black smoke will continue to cast a shadow over lives across the developing world.
Nidal Malik Hasan, the alleged Fort Hood gunman and a psychiatrist who worked in a hospital at the base, is blamed for the deaths of 12 soldiers and one Army civilian employee, and for wounding at least 38 others.If convicted, Hasan will join an infamous list of Americans who have committed acts of mass murder.Since 2005, there have been at least 11 other incidents where gunmen have opened fire on groups of victims.
In an e-mail to CNN, Mahogany Jones, who identified herself as a publicist for the Salahis, said the couple had "full clearance to attend the state dinner."Fran Townsend, a homeland security adviser to former President George W. Bush, said the incident likely involved a breakdown at the "perimeter" security for the event, which is the first checkpoint that guests encounter.Lying to the Secret Service could bring a felony charge, Townsend said.
The officers -- not only did they not check the IDs of those students or men sitting outside of of our campus, but the security officers who are employed here did no job of checking either."Claims of depraved acts by a few kids have served to demonize an entire student community.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ron Astor.
There is a little compassion in the world."All of those found dead were African-American women.CNN's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report.
Anesthesiologists What they make: $310,132 Projected annual openings: 38,000 7.All rights reserved.The information contained in this article may not be published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority.
His career history may give Karl Eikenberry's word particular weight as President Obama struggles to come up with a way forward in Afghanistan.He retired from the Army after nearly 40 years of service with the rank of lieutenant general on April 28 -- one day before he was sworn in as ambassador, according to his State Department biography.He and his wife are hosting a dinner Saturday night in Kabul for a visiting U.S. lawmaker.
As the final resting place of our nation's heroes, any questions about the integrity or accountability of its operations should be examined in a manner befitting their service and sacrifice," McHugh said in a statement after signing the order directing the Army's Inspector General to begin an investigation into allegations regarding cemetery operations.Over the summer, the cemetery put up a headstone on the mystery grave that reads "Unknown."McHugh hopes this new investigation will "ensure America's confidence in the operation of its most hallowed ground."
But I wouldn't trade them for Picassos or Van Goghs.The other piece of art is an autograph -- actually, an entire (if brief) handwritten letter.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene.
His Singapore-based ST Engineering builds aerospace and transport systems and control centers.With no natural resources and a small domestic market, in a generation the city-state transformed itself from the third world British colony into a first world economic power by building its economy on exports and business services.CNN's Andrew Stevens and Kevin Voigt contributed to this story.
With their football counterparts qualifying for the 2010 World Cup finals with a win over Bahrain earlier on Saturday, it was left to Graham Henry's men to complete the double.Winger Vincent Clerc capped a fine performance for the home side with a try.South Africa's points came from Morne Steyn with a penalty and drop-goal as well as converting a fine try by captain John Smit.
It's no longer a question of who is on Twitter -- but who ISN'T on Twitter.1.You could even share the link to this article on Twitter and it might become the most popular story today!
MV Filitsa was seized in the early morning about 460 miles (740 kilometers) northeast of the Seychelles as it headed toward Durban, South Africa, according to a news release from EU NAVFOR Somalia.Two vessels were attacked the day after the Chandlers set sail.CNN's Al Goodman contributed to this report
Alabama issued a warning to drivers Thursday night, urging them to stay off icy roads as driving conditions were "becoming dangerous" with numerous accidents reported.The Southeast is expected to see lower temperatures by Saturday.CNN's Jim Kavanagh, Craig Johnson and Ed Payne contributed to this report.
An Israeli soldier sits on a tank on the Israel-Gaza border just before fighting began in December 2008.The Gaza-based Palestinian Center for Human Rights put the death toll at 1,419 and said 1,167 of those were non-combatants.The Israeli military released its own figures earlier this year, saying that 1,166 people were killed, 60 percent of whom were "terror operatives."
Puerto Rico is a U.S. territory, which means federal agencies have jurisdiction. "The suspect was arrested Monday around 11:30 p.m. AST (10:30 p.m. ET) at his home in the Mogote de Cayey neighborhood, said Wilson Porrata Mariani, another spokesman for the Guayama police district.It has been horrible, but they are very grateful that it has come to a quick resolution," Serrano said.
I thought... I want to figure a way to be a part of this world, and that's when "Mayhem" was born."Gibson: Me and my partner Mike Lee and Will Wilson all got together, we started brainstorming about different concepts and different directions we could send this character in and we came up with something pretty unique.There's still plenty of time for that.
A Russian T-90 tank rolls through Red Square during 2008's Victory Day parade.Langton said Medvedev believes Russian forces should be capable of operating alongside Western forces.But, he added, "Some of the generals don't agree with him."
Raul Xazziel Ramirez had been visiting his father in Juarez on Friday evening when unknown gunmen fired on their vehicle at a roundabout, spokesman Arturo Sandoval said.According to El Paso County records, Raul was just three weeks shy of his eighth birthday when he was killed.In early 2009, a 3-year-old girl was killed together with her father inside a vehicle that was targeted, Sandoval said.
Both also expressed support for the president's efforts to end the military's "Don't ask, don't tell" policy.The law, signed by President Clinton in 1996, defines marriage as being between a man and a woman, and ensures that states do not have to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states.Despite the progress we've made, there are still laws to change and hearts to open."
There are a lot of forensics aspects to the story."It's being developed by Rocksteady Studios and will be published by Eidos Interactive in conjunction with Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment and DC Comics. (Nobody loves a good Batman story more than I do," he said.
Jefferson was also ordered to forfeit more than $470,000 after his conviction for using his office to solicit bribes.Mr. Jefferson's repeated attempts to sell his office caused significant damage to the public's trust in our elected leaders.CNN's Paul Courson contributed to this report.
It doesn't always turn out this way."There is no word on a possible motive or what charges Silas will face.Carillo, who is reported in good health, will be reunited with his family after a routine medical examination, Harrison said.
Meanwhile, France defender Eric Abidal will miss the second leg of the World Cup playoff against the Republic of Ireland on Wednesday night due to a thigh injury.The Barcelona full-back played the full 90 minutes of Saturday's 1-0 win in Dublin but sustained the problem in his left leg and will not be available for the return at the Stade de France.Lyon midfielder Jeremy Toulalan has also been ruled out, as he has not yet recovered from a hamstring injury.
However, with the match entering injury time, Hungary were awarded a penalty when Jose Mena fouled Krisztian Nemeth in the box.Vladimir Koman made no mistake from the spot to take the match into a shoot-out.Liverpool's Gulacsi was the hero of the hour -- keeping out efforts from Cristian Gamboa, Esteban Luna and Adam Simon while Nemeth and Roland Varga both scored to hand Hungary a 2-0 victory on penalties.
According to the Boston Globe, hundreds of people at a 2005 Fourth of July fireworks show in Canton, Massachusetts were accidentally showered with glowing embers when winds shifted about 10 minutes after the event began.As millions gather across the United States on Saturday to celebrate America's birthday with fireworks displays, fire officials will be watching weather forecasts and preparing to make sure revelers are as safe as possible.For a Fourth of July weather forecast for your area, visit CNN.com/weather.
Nowak has said she went to the airport to talk to Shipman, who had begun dating Nowak's former love interest, Navy Cmdr.Shortly after I turned 30 years old, Lisa Nowak hunted me down and attacked me in a dark parking lot," she said, adding that she is "still reeling from her vicious attack" and attempting to piece her life back together. "CNN's John Couwels contributed to this report.
Douglas County, Georgia, emergency managers provide water Wednesday to residents without treated water.iReport.com: Horses pulled to safety from flooded creek On Tuesday, Perdue pleaded with residents to stay off flooded roads, noting that nearly all the fatalities in the state were drivers and passengers swept away by floodwaters.CNN's Carolina Sanchez, Shawn Nottingham and Samuel Gardner contributed to this report.
Alderden said that was because the family planned an experiment in which the balloon was to rise 20 feet off the ground.Later, he came out from hiding in an attic over the home's garage. "But those of us in the law enforcement profession have to operate on facts and what we can prove."
On Wednesday, almost 57 years later, Byrd became the longest-serving member of Congress in history.In 1964, he voted against the Civil Rights Act pushed by Democratic President Lyndon Johnson.Thank you and may God bless you."
Army officials said that with the push of more than 20,000 additional troops into the Afghan theater of battle over the last few months, there have been fewer mental health professionals in the field to help.Gen. Eric Schoomaker, the Army Surgeon General told reporters Friday.The Army has implemented a number of suicide prevention programs over the past year, including training, a suicide prevention task force and a day off official duties to focus on suicide prevention.
My mom's sisters, brothers, my uncles, they were all killed and buried in mass graves," he said.There are no lawyers and no judges in robes.While the survivors can move on, they (attackers) probably never will."
Other parents wail as soldiers in blue masks trudge through the mud, hauling bodies from the rubble on stretchers. "Many of their schools collapsed on top of them.And once they -- the parents -- realized it was their child, obviously they collapsed in grief."
Kandi Burruss, at right with co-star NeNe Leakes, appeared at the BET Awards in June.i just wanted to say thanks 2 every1 for their prayers."Burruss is a Grammy-winning singer-songwriter and former member of the 1990s R&B group Xscape.
The EU ETS takes in around 12,000 installations which account for around 50 percent of EU greenhouse gas emissions from industries such as power, steel and cement manufacture.The second largest carbon trading system exists under the United Nations Kyoto Protocol.While carbon emissions account for around 70 percent of greenhouse gases, they are not the sole cause of climate change and it would seem a safer bet to reinforce a carbon trading system with other legislative measures aimed at reducing emissions.
Some of the smuggling boats are seized by Yemen's coast guard and given to Somali fishermen who suffered losses in the December 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami.As part of a $19 million operation, UNHCR operates shelters and reception centers for the refugees in Yemen and has increased its efforts to discourage people from making the illegal crossing to Yemen.It has also sponsored training programs for coast guard personnel and other officials.
A law that went into effect January 1 in California makes it illegal to send text messages while driving.Fourteen states, including the home states of three of the bill's sponsors, and the District of Columbia already have laws barring texting while driving: Alaska, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Louisiana, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, North Carolina, Tennessee, Utah, Virginia and Washington.CNN Radio's John Lisk contributed to this report.
Sagal: Well, I've always been a maternal type, but yes, everything was different once I had kids.Sagal: Most of the time it's super great.TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Residents of the Kasubi suburb, west of Kampala, try to flee from violence as a soldier takes photos.Soldiers are walking in a single file, waiting for rioters and ready to confront them," said Allan Mugabi, a resident of Kampala.Journalist Samson Ntale contributed to this report
I know the Queens community is outraged that hate has tainted their streets, and I know they will join with us in helping the local authorities find the second suspect."The police department's Hate Crimes Task Force is investigating the incident.No court date has been set for Aleman.
Check.It's time to get things started... Creativity runs in Go's family.His father worked as a producer for Jim Henson's "The Muppet Show."
I was hurt by the direction my country was going in.Bit by bit, my heart started to open up again, and I could write!It's just what you do.
The Turkish military says a missile defense deal could include U.S. Patriot missile systems.So how can I or anyone say that Turkey needs them?"Defense contractors have until Oct. 13 to submit bids for the missile defense package.
The Ad Council and its partners measure a campaign's success by how much donated media a campaign attracts.The Ad Council receives $1.8 billion a year in donated media, she said.Elmo, Gordon, Sesame Workshop and the Ad Council are delivering an important message to our kids."
Fields: Well, consumer confidence is the biggest issue in the marketplace right now.Our retail market share has been up three of the last four months.So our approach is continue to work this plan, continue to make sure that Ford remains competitive both today and in the future and continue to work with our stakeholders to make sure that happens.
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, right, and officials tour a prison last week in Chino after a riot there.But Steinberg said the measure also would reduce the ratio of parolees to parole officers to 45-to-1.Currently, one parole officer is responsible for about 70 parolees, many of whom commit new crimes and return to custody; the state has a 70 percent recidivism rate.
You can never take back the horror," she said. "Nor were any documents on the cases available, the aides said.CNN's Arthur Brice contributed to this report
Chinese leaders have in the past expressed displeasure about a possible tire tariff. "We hope the U.S. government will refrain from taking action, for the long-term healthy and stable development of U.S.-Chinese relations," Fu Ziying, China's vice commerce minister, told local media in August. "The case is neither supported by facts nor does it have valid legal grounds," he added.
The wall is built of enormous boulders, confounding archaeologists as to how ancient peoples built it.The wall is believed to have been built by the Canaanites, an ancient pagan people who the Bible says inhabited Jerusalem and other parts of the Middle East before the advent of monotheism.CNN's Kevin Flower contributed to this report
President Obama jokes with David Letterman in New York in an interview taped Monday afternoon.This is not untypical," he said. "One of the things you sign up for in politics is, folks yell at you."
Socialist George Papandreou is set to become Greece's next prime minister. "It was unclear whether Karamanlis would step down as New Democracy party leader, as the elections marked the worst defeat the party has seen in more than 20 years.CNN's Christine Theodorou and Journalist Anthee Carrasava contributed to this report.
That's where he finally gave up," Knoll said. "It took them almost two hours to convince him."Downing, who had recently served at Fort Knox in Kentucky, was taken into custody shortly before noon and was charged with criminal homicide.
Sometimes when it's [the score] two to one in a kickball came, I get the jitters," he says.Once a year, I get to build something for the kid in me," says Jason Hogue, a 41-year-old carpenter, who has participated in the race for eight years.Ten years ago, you couldn't have easily found another kickball player, even if you wanted to play."
But some attorneys, criminologists and media experts say using the loose term "person of interest" can tarnish the person's reputation, mislead the public, and possibly hurt the investigation.In the last decade, law enforcement authorities have increasingly used the phrase -- but the label didn't necessarily mean the person would be charged.By saying you have a suspect, he explained, "You are putting your nickel down and saying we think we have the guy."
Finally, after the twins came, the deadline came.I knew what was going to happen in each of the four storylines, but I had to get there.I want [rapper] Eminem to make fun of me, but I don't think it would be very nice (laughing).
They rebelled against everything and wreaked havoc everywhere.Perhaps the only factor that kept the country from total collapse was the people's incomparable resilience and their ability to "chi ku" (eat bitterness, or bear hardship).Meet some of China's young communists » Like the cutting-edge CCTV tower intended to formally open this year but didn't after a celebratory fireworks display went awry and caused a fire, China's great achievements stand side by side with daunting challenges.
It's almost like taunting consumers and pointing out: 'Oh well, we know this is completely outside the spirit of the law, but we think it's within the narrow letter of the law'."Ryanair, which outlines its credit chard charges on its Web site, rejected Fingleton's comments, accusing the business regulator of trying to detract from its failure to tackle other issues facing the country's aviation industry. "Ryanair fails to understand why it was singled out for these inaccurate criticisms by Mr. Fingleton, when its charges policies are copied by high fare UK airlines," it said in a statement.
Buffett said he had voted against Kraft's plan to issue new shares as part of a cash and stock offer worth approximately $16 billion, warning it would hurt shareholders, Fortune reported.Kraft originally offered Cadbury shareholders 300 pence ($4.81) and 0.26 Kraft shares for each share of Cadbury they own.Kraft said it will announce more detailed terms by January 19.
The 29-year-old is a prolific goalscorer and was expected to lead Paraguay's attack in South Africa this summer.He has scored over 100 times in the Mexican top flight and has netted 18 goals in 24 matches this season.Around 10,000 Paraguayan fans gathered at the the Estadio Defensores del Chaco, the country's national stadium in Asuncion, to hold a vigil for Cabanas on Tuesday evening.
A prototype "Finger Rehabilitation Glove," designed to aid recovery from paralysis.From robot nurses that can lift hospital patients in and out of their beds, to intelligent toilets that can dispense medical advice, Japanese researchers are developing radical new approaches to health care.While many of these technologies are still at the prototype stage, it may not be long before they turn up in a hospital near you.
IAEA deputy director David Waller calls Nobel "a bolt of lightning" for his staff "I say to them, jokingly, 'Why don't you try winning the Nobel Peace Prize?' "Even for an organization like the IAEA, a United Nations affiliate that traces its roots back to 1957, things were never the same after receiving the revered award, Waller said. "I think it's a continuing energizer for our staff," he said.
Morgan Harrington, a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student, disappeared at a Metallica concert Saturday night.Watch mom describe daughter's excitement » Morgan Harrington had been so excited about the concert, according to her mother, that she posted the tickets on the refrigerator six months ahead of time.Harrington is 5'6", 120 pounds, has blond hair, blue eyes and was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt, black mini skirt, black tights and black boots.
A Mexican rescue team had pulled the body of 63-year-old Monsignor Joseph Serge Miot from ruins near the national cathedral, which he oversaw as archbishop of Port-au-Prince.At the funeral, President René Préval was asked to respond to criticism that he has not shown strong public leadership and has been largely unseen in the aftermath. "Authorities are working with unaccompanied children who are being released from hospitals, it said.
The Taliban raised $450 million to $600 million over the past four years by "taxing" opium farmers and traffickers, Antonio Maria Costa, head of the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime, said in a report last autumn.Not all the money is going into the pockets of rebels or drug dealers, though.Some Afghan officials are making money off the trade as well, he said.
U.S. troops speak to an Iraqi child in Baghdad on Monday.So our plan is to draw down the troops as we've said we're going [to] do."CNN's Scott Spoerry and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report.
Once the minors remain out of the command and control of the Maoist military structure for six months to a year, the Unified Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist (UCPN-M) can be considered for removal from the list of parties that recruit and use children, which is included in the annual U.N. Secretary-General's report on Children and Armed Conflict.As the discharge and rehabilitation process began, about a dozen of the disqualified combatants were listed as being under the age of 16 and about 500 were under the age of 18.Though called combatants, the United Nations said the minors were used as messengers, cooks and porters during the fighting.
Serena Williams says she believes she apologized for her actions promptly and completely.2 in the world by the Women's Tennis Association, said she does not recall moments of Saturday's incident but believes she apologized for her actions promptly and completely.So far, no suspensions have been served, but the United States Tennis Association has said that it has launched an investigation into the incident.
Mustafa Abu Yazid, al Qaeda's commander of operations in Afghanistan and its No.In a posting on its Web site last week, the Taliban in Afghanistan claimed that the bomber was an Afghan National Army soldier.On Sunday, however, Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud said in an e-mail that his arm of the Islamic movement carried out the attack, also citing the reason as revenge for Baitullah Mehsud's killing.
Investigators were going through surveillance camera footage for clues, but Claudel said he could not offer any more information about the case.Edgar Degas was a prominent member of the the Impressionists and produced a vast amount of artwork before his death in 1917 at age 83.His style, subject matter and artistic sensibility set him apart from his contemporaries, according to New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Most of Britain was covered in snow, with 20 to 30 centimeters (nearly 8 to nearly 12 inches) of snow in the southern parts, and up to 15 feet in the Pennines, the mountain range that runs from northern England north to Scotland.They included South West Trains, which runs services between London and some of the hardest-hit areas, such as Hampshire, Surrey and Wiltshire, and Chiltern Railways, which runs between London and Birmingham.CNN's Laura Perez Maestro and Phil Han contributed to this report.
The recent recall of industrial peanut butter and products that contain it sparked nationwide concern about the safety of eating many popular snack products.For more tips on making healthy taste great, try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine.All rights reserved.
It was not a high-risk day; not a high-risk situation," Jauch said.Search efforts were suspended Monday because of the weather in the mountains. "There could be another avalanche," the police spokesman said.
Bishop Jim Moriarty was not directly criticized in the Murphy Report, but was a member of the Dublin archdiocese leadership for more than a decade before it put proper protections for children in place, he said.He promised that the Catholic Church would try to develop strategies to make sure the abuses don't happen again.CNN's Hada Messia in Rome, Italy, contributed to this report.
Again, a couple of guys I know who were employees tackled a shoplifter.Bergstreser had been a three-year employee, while Trapp was on the job for less than a year.What do you think?
Mesac Damas pleaded no contest to the misdemeanor battery against Guerline Damas in June.Rambosk said authorities had recovered Mesac Damas' vehicle at Miami International Airport, and they believe that he left on a flight to Haiti on Friday.Roberts said collecting and processing evidence can take "several days, if not weeks."
An airborne radiological contamination alarm sounded about 4 p.m. Saturday in the Unit 1 containment building, according to a statement from Exelon Nuclear, which operates the Three Mile Island plant near Middletown, Pennsylvania.The annual occupational dose limit for workers at Exelon plants is 2,000 millirem, the statement said.CNN's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.
People walk past burnt-out buildings in Lhasa on 16 March, 2008, after violent protests broke out.At one point, a Tibetan woman covered herself with red paint and lay on the ground, forcing the torchbearer to weave around her as other protesters shouted "Flame of shame."E-mail to a friend CNN's Manesh Shrestha in Nepal contributed to this report
Workers at the Beijing-Tianjin Intercity Fast Railway, a key project associated with the Beijing Olympics.Change may take time, but change will come."E-mail to a friend CNN State Department Producer Elise Labott in Washington and Beijing Bureau Chief Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report
Google plans to donate its share to a yet-unspecified charity, which might be a reaction to its messy legal and public policy fight over a copyright settlement that covers books that are still in copyright. (Dane Neller, On Demand Books CEO, says the announcement flips book distribution on its head. "Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
South Ossetian mourners at the grave of a relative killed in the conflict on the first anniversary in August 2009. "It was headed by Heidi Tagliavini, a former United Nations special representative for Georgia.The EU said in a statement it welcomed the report and hopes its findings can contribute to future international efforts at "preventive diplomacy."
After persistent effort, she eventually convinced them otherwise.But Yogan is certain without her dogged efforts, her claim would have been forever lost in the "paperwork jungle" of the insurance trade.AC360° correspondent Tom Foreman contributed to this report.
Pirates have caused havoc off the coast of Somalia, hijacking 33 ships this year.On October 29, pirates in the same area off Yemen commandeered the Neslihan, a Turkish-owned freighter, carrying 77,000 tons of iron ore from from Canada to China, the ship's owner, Ya-Sa Shipping Industry and Trading, S.A., said.CNN's David McKenzie and Andrew Carey contributed to this report.
Dexter King has denied taking "substantial funds" from his parents' estates.Among those in attendance were the Rev. Joseph Lowery and former Ambassador Andrew Young, friends of Martin Luther King Jr. who worked with him during the civil rights movement.CNN's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report.
It will hurt them deeply to know that the man who could save [them], could do much more and did not do it," he said. "The excommunication's remission caused "a discussion more heated than any we have seen for a long time," Benedict XVI wrote in an open letter to bishops in March. "CNN Jerusalem Bureau Chief Kevin Flower contributed to this report.
Lewis, 24, got a career boost when she won the music talent competition on British television show "The X Factor" in 2006.She got three Grammy nominations last year based on her debut album, "Spirit."Her second album, "Echo," is set for release next month, according to her Web site.
GlaxoSmithKline has manufactured a vaccine for the prevention of cervical cancer.More than 40 types of HPV can infect genital areas, according to the disease agency.But because many of them are not visible to the naked eye, most people who become infected don't know it.
Bea Arthur, right, with "Golden Girls" co-star Rue McClanahan in June 2008.The young Bea Arthur earned a living singing and doing stage work on Broadway and off-Broadway.Her last television appearance was on "The View" in 2007.
President Bush shakes hands with Ghanian President John Kufuor in Accra, Ghana, on Wednesday.I am happy for the president's dispelling any notion that the United States of America is intending to build military bases on the continent of Africa," he said.E-mail to a friend CNN's Ed Henry and Tim McCaughan contributed to this report.
A funeral for Derrion Albert, a teen who was fatally beaten last month, was held Saturday on Chicago's South Side.Four suspects have been charged with first-degree murder in Derrion Albert's killing, and police say they are looking for three more people in connection with the beating.Albert was taken to Roseland Community Hospital and then to Advocate Christ Hospital and Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead.
Greyhound bus services will run from London to cities such as Portsmouth and Southampton.Americans should watch closely.CNN's Faith Karimi contributed to this report.
Yale student Annie Le's family said in a statement that "her laughter was infectious." "Her body was found inside the basement wall of the building on September 12, the day she was to be married.It released a statement from her family, saying "Annie was loved by everyone who knew her and special to all those who came in contact with her.... Her laughter was infectious and her goodness was ingenuous.... We will always remember her beautiful smile, her fun-loving spirit, and the joy that she brought to us all."
He ran with me to his car.Oh, it looks like she is not coming."I know someone in town knows something."
This effort will not remain winnable indefinitely."That move followed what Obama and others called years of inadequate resources in Afghanistan because of the Bush administration's focus on Iraq.CNN's Ed Henry and Laurie Ure contributed to this report.
Clark could have been arrested Wednesday if he had declined to provide DNA samples and allow police to search his home, but he was released after complying, New Haven city spokeswoman Jessica Mayorga said.Watch chief, acquaintances talk about Clark » Annie Le's body was found in the basement wall of an off-campus medical research building Sunday.CNN's Tom Foreman, Mary Snow and Shirley Zilberstein contributed to this report.
Michael Jackson was found dead on June 25.R.I.P. Michael I love and miss u." A second version of the video, posted and annotated by "MUZIKfactory2" to show inconsistencies, has been seen more than 329,000 times.CNN's Per Nyberg in London, England and Frederik Pleitgen in Berlin, Germany, contributed to this report.
Some of those hits pay pretty well.I dreamed I'd be able to give her money to go to the supermarket every week." "If you kill two or three people there's four or five more behind him who want to kill you."
Ronald Cummings plans to divorce his wife, Misty, his attorney says.The divorce agreement provides no financial terms, according to Shoemaker.On Monday, Misty Cummings left Satsuma to stay with a friend in Orlando, 50 miles south, Shoemaker said.
In the video, a naked man is shown strapped to an upright wooden frame, his rear exposed to a uniformed official who lifts a meter-long rattan stick above his head before bringing it down on the prisoner's buttocks, tearing the flesh with each strike.Malaysia is not alone in caning criminals, which critics say breaches human rights norms, including the U.N. Convention Against Torture.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Business consultants in India blame such labor standoffs on what they call lack of transparency in retrenchment or layoff policies.Hiring and firing conditions are often not explained to workers by their companies, said Rajeev Karwal, founding-director of Milagrow Business and Knowledge Solutions.Issues could spiral out of control if the businesses and bureaucrats are seen in a "corrupt nexus" by the employees seeking reprieve from labor authorities, he said.
West, who apologized the next day on "The Jay Leno Show," seemed to blame his erratic behavior on the lack of time he had to grieve his mother's death two years ago. "I deal with hurt and, you know, so many, you know, celebrities, they never take the time off, and I've never taken the time off to really, you know, I just, music after music and tour after tour on tour," West told Leno.CNN's Denise Quan contributed to this report.
The peaceful 1989 uprising began with a student march to mark a 1939 clampdown on opposition in what was then Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia.The Communist Party ceded power in December, and Havel became president. "CNN's Phil Black and Fionnuala Sweeney contributed to this report.
It's hurting them, the man, and it's hurting their families and its hurting the community."I would rather be with my wife.This was quick but it wasn't worth it."
Pregnant women should not have the FluMist version because it contains the live virus.It's too soon to say it's too late because we don't know what the rest of the season will bring," he said.CNN's Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report.
Retailers are asked to remove the mushrooms from their shelves, pending further instructions.Consumers are asked to return the mushrooms to the place of purchase for a full refund.Visit http://www.phillipsmushroomfarms.com/ or call 800-722-8818 for more information.
ALICE HOAGLAND, MOTHER OF 9/11 VICTIM: I think I can speak for many 9/11 families when I say that we are heartsick.HAYES: Holder also told the panel that he is not concerned that a federal court could find the suspected terrorists not guilty.For CNN Student News, I'm Carl Azuz.
In Twitter, it's so brief that no one is the lead conversationalist, really.Israel: Yeah I did, but not with this great prescience.My vision for Twitter is that employees of your age coming into the workplace will be shown a desk, a computer...[and set up their social media accounts] and then be told to go to work and use [Twitter] how they see fit to get the job done.
Watch Koner describe how the communities connect with each other » The economic downturn has prompted Koner's group to broaden its outreach and sponsorship methods.People were excited to be a part of something," says Koner of her donor community. "Check out Family-to-Family and see how to help.
After only three months, this complex investigation is far from complete, so we are not ready to determine the probable cause of the [Metro] accident," NTSB Chairwoman Deborah A.P. Hersman said. "However, our findings so far indicate a pressing need to issue these recommendations to immediately address safety glitches we have found that could lead to another tragic accident."The NTSB sent letters to Metro, the Federal Transit Administration, the Federal Railroad Administration and Alstom Signaling Inc., which acquired General Railway Signal, the manufacturer of some of the equipment.
The president does not believe that that criticism comes based on the color of his skin," said White House press secretary Robert Gibbs.But Gergen warns that the racists tend to be on the fringes of the right and do not reflect on the greater field of opponents to Obama's ideology. "Barack Obama got, in the last election, more white male voters than any of his predecessors.... Republicans and conservatives and Democrats and liberals, the whole country felt very good putting -- setting aside policies after his election."
An all-white jury convicted Johnson in less than two hours. "It provides, they agree, a unique window into American politics and culture at a time when Jim Crow-style racism reigned supreme.The resolution recognizes] the unjustness of what transpired, and sheds light on the achievements of an athlete who was forced into the shadows of bigotry and prejudice."
The courtroom is seldom the stage at which social change takes place.They exist everywhere.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leah Ward Sears.
Los Zetas was formed about 10 years ago by Mexican army commandos but now consists mainly of former local, state and federal police. "The Zetas have obviously assumed the role of being the No.1 organization responsible for the majority of the homicides, the narcotic-related homicides, the beheadings, the kidnappings, the extortions that take place in Mexico," said Ralph Reyes, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency's chief for Mexico and Central America.
The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted November 13-15, with 1,014 adult Americans questioned by telephone.The survey sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points.CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
But spiritually, the three men lost at sea for eight days had something else to keep them going.They didn't like it, but they had to follow his rules to survive, he said. "I would love to do it this weekend, but we made a pact when we made it back to the house that we're going to put the poles down for the rest of the year and try to do something else, maybe go deer hunting or something like that."
The wreck happened three miles west of Austin.No other vehicles were involved.Authorities said weather conditions didn't appear to be a factor in the accident.
NBC has proposed moving "The Tonight Show" from its traditional 11:35 p.m. slot so that the show's former host, Jay Leno, could host a half-hour show then. "The earthquake was so powerful that it knocked Jay Leno's show from 10:00 to 11:35." -- "On the positive side, I have learned a valuable lesson from all this: Never sign a contract that ends with the word 'NOT.' "
The half-moon shape tends to get people into conversations."The inside story: D.C. insiders strut the lobby's Peacock Alley where you people-watch while nibbling on tea and scones ($39).All rights reserved.
However, Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan, who met with Zhukov at a joint economic forum earlier Tuesday, told reporters that the China-Russia oil pipeline project was going smoothly and the loan China pledged to Russia had been implemented, Xinhua said.The construction on the China section of an oil pipeline from Siberia started in May. The 1,030-kilometer (640-mile) pipeline runs from Skovorodino, Russia, to the city of Daqing in northeastern China.It is expected to go into operation by the end of 2010 and carry 15 million tons of crude oil annually from Russia to China from 2011 to 2030, Xinhua added.
The occupation of Kerr Hall is just one of several demonstrations across University of California campuses this week after the regent's board approved a 32 percent increase in tuition Thursday.Are you there?Students eligible for financial aid and whose families make less than $70,000 will have their tuition covered, the university said.
We are just left vulnerable."Lock told CNN he eventually gave up 70 percent of his father-in-law's farm, which he then owned.To those under siege these words are little comfort as they continue to fight a battle they are unlikely to win.
Veterans groups said the emergency funds were much needed. "AMVETS is very happy with the swift action taken by the secretary.We suggested a similar solution earlier this month so we are happy to see they're listening," said Ryan Galluci, a spokesman for AMVETS, a veterans' service organization.
Others die at the hands of their smugglers, who order the passengers to jump overboard when the Yemeni coast guard approaches the vessel.Yemen's coast guard stepped up patrols of its coastline this year in an attempt to deter smugglers, according to the UNHCR, which operates shelters and reception centers for refugees in Yemen.The coast guard has also seized boats and given them Somali fishermen affected by the 2004 tsunami.
It was the ninth meeting of the president's war council to consider whether to send more troops to Afghanistan, as requested by the U.S. commander on the ground there.Petraeus emphasized the need to focus on the mission of ensuring that Afghanistan "does not once again become a sanctuary or safe haven for al Qaeda and the kind of transnational extremists that carried out the 9/11 attacks."This won't be perfect or easy, but it will allow America's fighting men and women to leave Afghanistan with honor, and it will enable Afghans to build a better, more peaceful future," said a letter to Obama from 10 Republican senators sent on Veteran's Day.
Arturo Gatti was found dead on July 11 in a rented condo in Brazil, where his family was vacationing.He was 57.A third boxer, former welterweight champion Vernon Forrest, died last week after being shot multiple times in a neighborhood southwest of downtown Atlanta, Georgia.
You want to do that right away?"Odom responded, "I do."Kardashian was even more candid with CNN, saying, "We are not planning to have a baby, but we're not doing anything to not have a baby right now."
The felony carries a sentence of up to four years in prison.Smith was to appear at an arraignment in Staten Island Criminal Court on Monday.Smith's attorney Peter Frankel was not immediately available to comment.
While the other prizes are awarded by committees based in Sweden, the peace prize is determined by a five-member panel appointed by the Norwegian parliament.Ebadi received the prize for her focus on human rights, especially on the struggle to improve the status of women and children.A statement from the Nobel committee at the time said, "As a lawyer, judge, lecturer, writer and activist, she has spoken out clearly and strongly in her country, Iran, and far beyond its borders."
Why it's so powerful at this moment is because of what's happening in the world today.Has someone done a good deed for you?You take what you gave."
In it, he described the creation of the ghetto by the Nazis. "Edelman was born in 1921, according to Yad Vashem, Israel's Holocaust museum.He was buried in Warsaw's Jewish cemetery on Friday, the Jewish Telegraphic Agency reported
Brazil's response to the HIV/AIDS fight has been widely praised and adopted as a model around the world.While Brazil has shown that providing universal access to treatment can be achieved, it needs to modify its approach to treat the evolving disease, he said. "If the epidemic changes face, you need to adapt."
The inquiry is expected to be the most thorough investigation yet into the decisions that led up to the war and governed Britain's involvement, analysts said.Following that came the Butler inquiry, which looked at the accuracy of intelligence on weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and elsewhere.It found some of the intelligence sources were "seriously flawed," but that there was no evidence of deliberate distortion or culpable negligence by spy agencies.
My dad told me as a kid to always be aware of where you are, always have a vision for your future, but never forget where you came from.Do you still feel a bit like a fish out of water dealing with Hollywood?But I've got to keep it under my hat right now.
Stewart David Nozette of Chevy Chase, Maryland, was taken into custody Monday by FBI agents.Some of the information, the affidavit says, was classified as secret.The criminal complaint does not accuse the government of Israel of any violations of U.S. law.
A candlelight vigil in her honor was scheduled for Monday evening on the campus.She was really amazing."CNN's Susan Candiotti, Mary Snow and LaNeice Collins contributed to this report.
The Saudi information ministry said Sunday that a Jeddah court has asked the second journalist to appear because of her work as a coordinator with the Lebanese Broadcasting Corp. The woman was set to appear on Monday, but the hearing has been postponed because she is ill, said a ministry official, who could not be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media.While the charges against her include involvement in preparing the program, she was not involved in setting up the episode in which Abdul Jawad appeared, said his lawyer Suleiman Al-Jumeii.Abdul Jawad was arrested shortly after the program aired and charged with violating Saudi Arabia's crime of publicizing vice.
Marcak said that within the past five years, she knows of only one other time a car was driven off the edge of the canyon.The Monday statement said plans were being made to retrieve the vehicle and the body.The Grand Canyon, a world famous landmark, receives close to 5 million visitors yearly, according to the National Park Service Web site.
She did very useful things.The winner of three international human rights awards, she was a leading activist in the North Caucasus area who had been openly critical of Kadyrov and his methods.CNN's Senior International Correspondent Matthew Chance, Maxim Tkachenko and Mike Sefanov in Moscow, Russia, contributed to this report.
Vazquez voiced concern that an arms race in South America would divert funds from badly needed development in poor countries. "We should devote our energies and resources to fight against the real scourges of our societies... such as drug trafficking and terrorism," he said. "Instead of spending it in weapons, spending it in housing, good housing for our people, and to further deepen investment, especially in the field of education."
I wake up with it in my head," she said. "Samar feels betrayed, both by the man she once loved and by a judicial system that is about to send her to her death.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
I just hope and pray we all get through this."Difficult for us to listen to," she said of the interview. "He spent 30 days in a jail."
These intravenous vitamin "drips" are part of the latest quick-fix, health fad catching on in Japan: the IV cafe.I see a lot of businessmen who say they don't have time to sleep.Most of these nutrients we can get sufficient from foods, nutrients tend to be better absorbed by the body if they are consumed in foods."
A seven-member crew aboard space shuttle Atlantis is headed to the Hubble Space Telescope to make repairs. "Another astronaut, Mark Polansky, is posting Twitter updates as he prepares for the next planned space shuttle mission to the International Space Station.Polansky, who is tweeting as astro_127, will be the commander of the mission, scheduled for June.
I am focused on preparing my team for the game against Bolton.I know they (Juventus) were interested, that is part of the game now in football, but I am not ready to talk too much because I don't want to lose my focus. "When you are a manager and you have clubs asking (for you), you have to be proud because they are a top side in Europe, but I am really happy here and want to do my job as best I can."
I did not seek this high position, and I didn't take any steps to achieve it," Van Rompuy said in accepting the job. "The people of Europe are getting no say, not even through their parliamentarians.CNN Political Contributor Robin Oakley contributed to this report.
In response to Judge Callahan's direction, 'No hats allowed in the courtroom,' Ms. Albaghdady responded, "Okay, it doesn't matter,' and immediately removed her head covering, without protest or explanation," the statement said. "The lawsuit seeks an order declaring the practice of "forcing Muslim women to remove their hijab as a precondition to appearing in court" unconstitutional and illegal.This is an issue that affects a variety of religious faiths and others."
Better yet, introduce her to the drama queen --they'll be very happy together.Yes, someone actually said this to me.The Frisky: When good friends go bad TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva told reporters on Sunday that the king visited hospital on doctors' advice. "There is no problem with His Majesty's conditions.From my chats with doctors, there is nothing to be concerned about," Abhisit said after signing a visitors' log book at the hospital, according to Reuters.com.
The Earth also may have a role, Wargo said. "If the water that was formed or deposited is billions of years old, these polar cold traps could hold a key to the history and evolution of the solar system, much as an ice core sample taken on Earth reveals ancient data," NASA said in its statement. "In addition, water and other compounds represent potential resources that could sustain future lunar exploration."
On Saturday, a roadside bomb killed 10 Afghan police officers in Kandahar province, according to Police Chief Matiullah Khan.Khan blamed the Taliban and their al Qaeda associates for the attack. "Who else is conducting this kind of cowardly acts except for the Taliban and al Qaeda people," he said.
Codzilla boats zip passengers around Boston's inner harbor.When you come down with a friend, or child or a grandchild, their experience is going to be the same that it was for you, and there aren't too many places where you can do that anymore," Paget said.Fran Fifis is a senior producer who has worked in CNN's Boston bureau since it opened in 1998.
Appearing on the CBS program "Face the Nation," Duncan emphasized that it is up to school officials whether to include the speech in the day's activities and that the message of the speech is simply to encourage children to finish school. "After reading the text, he said, "My kids will be watching the president's speech, as I hope all kids will."CNN's Lauren Kornreich and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this story.
Police take a man into custody at the University of South Florida after receiving reports of a person with a bomb.We have not looked in his backpack," she added. "CNN's Rich Phillips contributed to this report.
The body of the woman, who was not named, was found in the River Usk near the village of Talybont, in mid Wales close to the coast, Brecon police said.Britain's Environment Agency said river levels across the county of Cumbria remained high but are unlikely to rise to levels seen last week.Sixty-eight flood watches and warnings were in place across England and Wales on Wednesday, the Environment Agency said.
Arab states also have balked at the U.S. request to take confidence-building measures toward Israel until Israel freezes settlement construction.He said the talks were "at all times cordial," but "direct" and sometimes "blunt."Israel wants to begin with talks on a "provisional" Palestinian state.
Big city dreams: Lawrence Ho's business portfolio in Hong Kong and Macau is growing.So I think, all in all, Asia has managed to come out of this much quicker than the rest of the world.And really when people are feeling better they travel and they spend more, and you know we are in the business of providing leisure and entertainment."
The woman, now identified as Kacie Aleece Peterson, 18, of Hansville, Washington, withdrew about $400 from her Bank of America account, said Scott Wilson, spokesman for the Kitsap County Sheriff's Office in Washington.The teen's father described their relationship as "difficult" and "that he had put too much pressure on his daughter to do well and get good grades," Wilson said.CNN's Susan Candiotti, Khadijah Rentas, Erica Hill and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report.
Premier League champions Manchester United have been clearance to play Senegal striker Mame Biram Diouf after he was granted a work permit.United signed Diouf from Molde in July before loaning him back to the Norwegian club.He scored 16 goals in 29 games in Norway and with Senegal failing to qualify for the African Cup of Nations, United have pressed to get him the proper clearances.
These intravenous vitamin "drips" are part of the latest quick-fix, health fad catching on in Japan: the IV cafe.I see a lot of businessmen who say they don't have time to sleep.Most of these nutrients we can get sufficient from foods, nutrients tend to be better absorbed by the body if they are consumed in foods."
It symbolized the tit-for-tat diplomatic row between Washington and Havana.The island's transportation woes, for example, were the topics of jabs such as, "Some go around in Mercedes, some in (Russian-built) Ladas, but the system forces almost everyone to hitch rides."Kelly said measures also announced by Obama in April to allow U.S. cell-phone networks and other telecommunication technology to operate on the island would do more to allow a free flow of information to the Cuban people.
The firefighters were among the New Haven 20 -- one Hispanic and 19 white firefighters -- who fought the city after it threw out the results of a 2003 firefighter promotion exam that left too few minorities qualified for promotions.Mayorga said the other six involved in the lawsuit were not eligible for promotions that were available at the time the exams were given.The group of firefighters, claiming they were wronged by the city's action, then sued, calling themselves the "New Haven 20."
The fight, originally announced in July, had been in doubt as American John Ruiz lodged a legal challenge claiming that he was the giant Russian's mandatory challenger.However, the 36-year-old's promoters have clinched a deal with Ruiz, meaning the bout can go ahead as planned at Nuremberg's Arena Nurnberger Versicherung, where Valuev beat Sergei Liakhovich in February 2008.The 7' 1" Valuev, the tallest and heaviest boxing champion of all time who has a record of 50 wins from 52 fights, will dwarf the 6' 3" Haye, the former undisputed cruiserweight champion.
Two of the sentences have been carried out; the rest are under appeal, the Iranian Students News Agency said, quoting a court official.At least seven people were killed and hundreds were arrested, witnesses said, as they took to the streets on Ashura, which occurred on December 27.The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone and has blamed reformists for the violence.
On that day, a Defense Department news release said that Pvt.Keiffer P. Wilhelm, 19, of Plymouth, Ohio, died in Iraq of injuries sustained from a noncombat-related incident.He was assigned to a unit from the 1st Armored Division at Fort Bliss, the release said.
The United States is supporting the Somali government's fight against the insurgents, including providing weapons to government forces.Al Shabaab is on the U.S. list of terror organizations because of its ties to Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda network.The United States is concerned that Somalia's weak government could fall to the Islamist insurgency, as it did in 2006 before Ethiopian forces ousted the militants from power later that year.
The two accused each other of sending harassing e-mails.He pleaded with a judge in March to stop Noriko Savoie from being able to travel to Japan for summer vacation.I didn't do anything wrong."
Ferguson and substitute Gary Neville celebrate Owen's late winner.You cannot do anything about that.The victory took United to second place in the English Premier League behind pacesetting Chelsea with City suffering their first defeat of the season.
A massive earthquake is always devastating, but for such carnage and misery to be wrought upon a people who already had nothing seems especially cruel.I hope you will bid on the flag, and if not please help spread the word of the sale so that we can get a really good price for it.It deserves a good home, and the auction will help ensure a brighter future for many children in their darkest hour.
I'm mad at myself.So here I stand, 40 pounds heavier than I was in 2006. (TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
I've dived in various lakes and found 10 to 15 thousand golf balls at a time, it's incredible -- but we've never attempted to clear a loch!"Bobbing along at a depth of 754 feet, it is unlikely these balls of Loch Ness will ever see the light of day again.To watch the remarkable footage shot by the SeaTrepid underwater robotics team, click on the link to see the "Outland 1000" in action.
Vonn's appearance in Vancouver is being heavily plugged by sponsors and television rights holders, but she is still seeking her first Olympic medal after missing out in Salt Lake City and Turin.Austria's Kathrin Zettel, who led the GS standings going into the race but was overtaken by Hoelzl, was 0.95 seconds behind the German after skiing off-course in her first run and finished fifth.Hoelzl takes the lead in the giant slalom discipline standings, leapfrogging Kathrin Zettel of Austria, who finished fifth.
But $700 million pales in comparison with the wealth amassed by just one target.But Colombian President Alvaro Uribe's campaign of arrests and extraditions made ghosts of the Medellin and Cali cartels.CNN's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this story
The Belgian, who won the tournament in 2004, came through an enthralling clash which lasted two hours 50 minutes at the Rod Laver Arena.It was a great match.Seventh seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus cruised to a routine 6-2 6-0 victory over France's Stephanie Cohen-Aloro while Russian Vera Zvonareva eased past Slovakian Kristina Kucova by the same margin.
That began with the telegraph and the telephone and has morphed into the Internet."The company offers, for about $30,000, a 5-foot-tall, 35-pound robot that allows the user to remotely travel, see, hear and talk.This idea basically just takes that to its logical conclusion."
At least seven people were killed and hundreds arrested, witnesses said, as they took to the streets on Ashura, which occurred on December 27.The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone and has blamed reformists for the violence.At times, video has shown protesters apparently turning on security forces.
The issue that has left a bitter taste in the mouths of the devout Muslim and patriots of this land is the violent and above the law [illegal] encounters, particularly with University students and faculty members of this land," says the letter, which was posted on the reformist Web site "Rahesabz," or "Green Path." "At least seven people were killed and hundreds arrested as they took to the streets on Ashura, a Shiite Muslim holy day.CNN's Samira Simone contributed to this report.
Erica Ecker, a.k.a. "A perpetual calendar solves that problem by charting the months without naming the day of the week for each date.Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Plus, I want my daughter to be close to me," said Shraddha Gupta.Traditionally, parents will let friends know that they are on the lookout for a partner for their child.My marriage should be fun, it should be remembered by all people," she said.
It is you -- Americans of every race and region and station who came here because you believe in what this country can be and because you want to help us get there."Work is about "dignity" and "respect," he said, praising the ethic of hard-working Americans. "But our grandparents are still stung by it and it's a remarkable moment."
Mark Jensen's chin quivers as a letter from his sons is read in court Wednesday before his sentencing.Read the letter » The case turned on the admissibility of the letter, which would have been considered unusable "hearsay" evidence if Schroeder had not ruled that it was a "dying declaration."E-mail to a friend CNN's Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report.
With every performance, I try to display the inner feelings of this woman who is suffering, to transmit her grief," Silveyra said. "I'll be back soon."I'm content, because my pain is now serving a purpose," she said.
As many as 12,000 bears live on Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula.Human deaths from bears are rare, and Williams said it would be an overstatement to say the situation this year is out of hand.CNN's Mike Sefanov contributed to this report.
Sunday, January 18 Obama will kick off the schedule of official inaugural activities in Washington, D.C., with a welcome event on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial.For a full listing of the balls, log on to Pic2009.org.CNN's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report.
A man watches waves crash into the shore Tuesday at Club Nautico in Falcon state, Venezuela.The U.S. Coast Guard closed the Christiansted Harbor, where the refinery is located, on Tuesday, and it will remain closed until the order is lifted, Moorhead said. "It is the 15th named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, which began June 1 and ends November 30.
Through CT scans, we can, in a way, bring the dead back to life," Hawass told National Geographic magazine.Purpose?That might be lost to the ages.
She is Kacie Aleece Peterson, 18, of Hansville, Washington, according to Paul Browne, deputy commissioner of the New York Police Department.The father said the daughter had gone to live temporarily with a friend of her late mother, the station reported.Evan Buxbaum, Susan Candiotti and Vanessa Juarez contributed to the report.
She tried to end the relationship by simply not returning his phone calls. "LifeWire provides original and syndicated content to Web publishers.Anna Jane Grossman is a freelance writer in New York City.
She went on to launch her own brand-name fashion line.All of them add up to banners that might as well be flown from an aircraft tail over a beach: Amelia Earhart lived free in life and love!EW Grade: C+ CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
It was really something.They were cheering; they were clapping; they were in awe because everything we had talked about they were able to see," teacher Marta Rendon said. "CNN's Chris Welch, Michael Cary, Paul Vercammen, Lindy Hall and Jim Spellman contributed to this report.
Sci-fi fans might only want one story from an anthology, or a historical researcher might target certain subjects.Other than having the upper hand with digital distribution, an Apple tablet can compensate for other e-book readers' shortcomings.Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
The competition is fierce in the 2009 Swamp Soccer World Championship held in Scotland Originating from the bogs of Finland, the game was started by cross-country skiers who used the football matches in knee-deep mud to strengthen their leg muscles.It will certainly make a great spectacle if set up a swamp in the middle of Glasgow or Edinburgh, so watch this space."If you are interested in taking part in the 2010 Swamp Soccer World Championships visit the official Web site of the tournament.
Ana may eventually hit Haiti and the Dominican Republic, but forecasters can't say whether Ana will strike the continental U.S. Further east in the Atlantic, Tropical Storm Bill has developed and is expected to become a hurricane Wednesday.Forecasters say Bill could evolve into a Category 3 hurricane as it approaches the Leeward Islands by Wednesday or Thursday.Bill was about 820 miles (1,320 km) west-southwest of the Cape Verde islands at 5 p.m. ET.
Liz Cheney formed Keep America Safe with William Kristol and Debra Burlingame.Keep America Safe will highlight this information on our website and encourage dialogue between American citizens and their elected representatives in order to produce the legislative and executive action that will keep this country safe and strong. "The former vice president has also been a vocal critic of Obama, declaring earlier this year that the president's decision to cease the CIA's practice of aggressive interrogation practices has left the country more vulnerable to a terrorist attack.
Garry Kasparov, right, and Anatoli Karpov play chess at the Arts Palau in Valencia, on Tuesday.Kasparov is now an opposition politician in Russia, running unsuccessfully against then-President Vladimir Putin in 2007.During their first match, in 1984, Kasparov was just 21 and Karpov was 33.
The storm contributed to the deaths of a 54-year-old newspaper delivery man in Wakayama, who ran into a fallen tree, and a 69-year-old man from Saitama, who was crushed by a tree.By late Thursday, Melor had weakened to a tropical storm and was heading out to sea. --CNN's Kyung Lah contributed to this report.
Police released photos of a suspect in the robberies of six New England banks.Authorities say they believe the woman has held up banks in the Connecticut towns of Middletown, Montville, East Hartford and Windsor, as well as banks in West Springfield, Massachusetts and Westerly, Rhode Island.Police suspect she struck again the next day in Windsor, Connecticut.
Those who can afford it donate a small percentage of their possession or its equivalent to the poor and needy so they too can avail themselves for the celebrations.It's a feeling of such unity and brotherhood.You have to believe that with that spirit present, anything is possible."
Both teams ended with 10 men after Barca's Sergio Busquets went just after the hour mark for a second yellow card, with Real losing Lassana Diarra in the dying moments for two yellows.But the Catalans made the breakthrough as Ibrahimovic went some of the way to justifying his massive transfer fee and soon afterwards midfielder Xavi came within a whisker of a second from long-range.Albert Lopo struck in the 76th minute to give the Galicians their eighth league success in 12 matches.
He points at the camera, obviously having seen the Google car and its Street View camera drive by.The service blurs people's faces so it is hard to confirm whether it is Gallagher.Though the man isn't wearing legwarmers, Gallagher is apparently talking about the man's ankle-high shoes and thick black socks.
But when the history of Hollywood's 21st century embrace of 3-D is written, it very well may point to this weekend as the moment when the format definitively established its commercial power at the box office. "By contrast, two limited release debuts did rather well: Vogue magazine documentary "The September Issue" bowed on six screens with a very fashionable $40,000 per theater average; and the extreme-sports-fandom-gone-wrong dramedy "Big Fan" won $13,000 per theater on two screens.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Coverage begins at 6:15 a.m. ET Friday.We're not in Florida, we're not in Texas, we're not in Silicon Valley -- it's not something they're used to seeing. "So any time you can show them something that's never been done, and they say, 'Oh this is pretty cool,' I think they buy into that."
For me, it's just real life," Rania says. "Rania says her family tries very hard to remain down to earth.TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
It is not normal to go to bed afraid," Earl said. "They'll help you get a job.They help you get back on your feet and become the beautiful woman that you are."
Before their father's death, Michael Jackson's children, Paris, Prince and "Blanket" were not often seen in public.The reality show is tentatively set to begin airing in December.CNN's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report.
Plenty of cities have implemented water bans while state squabbles over water usage are common in some regions.Drought has returned to the United States, and some warn that more tough days are ahead.We're as dumb as we can be and we don't learn."
Iranian soldiers are shown in the uranium enrichment facility in Natanz, 300 kms south of Tehran, in 2006.He said Western criticism of Iran's new facility is an "illogical and unrealistic" smear campaign.CNN's Ed Henry, Dan Lothian, Pam Benson, Matthew Chance and Moni Basu contributed to this report.
He received a $4,500 allowance for his clunker, which he guessed was $1,500 more than he would have gotten otherwise.We're having a ball.I smell clunker."
But it's Santa that everyone talks about, so they talk about him as well," Chheda said. "When they visit shopping malls, Hindu parents in general are comfortable with a photo-op for their little kids with Santa."There's a deep American virtue in respecting religious differences," he said.
A stone circle discovered near Stonehenge may suggest the prehistoric monument was part of a funeral route.Proof of life artifacts -- pottery, animal bones, food residues and flint tools used in the Stone Age -- are decidedly absent at Stonehenge but were found upstream in a village discovered by the excavation team in 2005, leading researchers to believe that Stonehenge was indeed a burial ground.But with each new find, the enigma fades just a little.
It also represents guards and janitors who work in commercial and residential properties.The banks we're most concerned about are: -- Fannie Mae -- Freddie Mac -- Chevy Chase/B.F.Saul -- BB&T -- SunTrust -- Bank of America/Countrywide -- Wachovia/Wells Fargo -- PNC Bank/National City -- Citigroup "Please let me know and if you have other suggestions, I'd love to hear them."He said the association represents 95 percent of the industry's $13.6 trillion in assets.
Ayatollah Khamenei said Iran would change its policy when the U.S. did so as well.It also echoes Obama's inaugural speech in which he told the Muslim world, "We seek a new way forward, based on mutual interest and mutual respect."He died in 1989.
Iraqi authorities are trying to provide security to thousands of Shiite worshipers who are making their way to Karbala to mark the Arbaeen -- the end of the 40-day mourning period at the close of Ashura.Ashura commemorates the martyrdom of Hussein, the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed who was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 A.D. That event helped create the schism between Sunnis and Shiites, the two main Muslim religious movements.CNN's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report.
For too long, the island has been dependent on a single industry at a time, Soto-Class told CNN.Under the terms of a special tax break, U.S. companies were exempt from paying federal income tax on profits earned by their Puerto Rican manufacturing subsidiaries.We have to manufacture even more Viagra than we already manufacture so our economic statistics will rise."
The latest incident has seen Manchester City boss Mark Hughes accusing Arsenal's Arsene Wenger of "not knowing how to behave" after the Frenchman refused to shake the Welshman's hand after the Gunners' 3-0 English League Cup defeat on Wednesday night.The most memorable occurrence came during the London club's 2005 Champions League quarterfinal versus Bayern Munich.Banned from the game, it was reported that Mourinho was secretly wheeled in and out of the changing-rooms in a washing basket, and that during the game he fed information to fitness coach Rui Faria through an earpiece under his hat.
The successful applicant will also enjoy free return airfares from their nearest capital city, transport on the island, travel insurance, computer and camera gear and travel to other islands in the Great Barrier Reef.The appointment requires no academic qualifications -- the "caretaker" will just need to have strong communication skills, be a good swimmer and enjoy snorkeling.The final selection process will take place on Hamilton Island in early May, with the successful applicant announced on May 6 and beginning work on July 1.
That film also won him an MTV Movie Award as best new filmmaker.Other films he has directed include "Rosewood," "Baby Boy," "Shaft" and "Four Brothers."E-mail to a friend
A music producer says Rihanna recorded a duet with Chris Brown, who is accused of assaulting her.When Brown made his first appearance in court last Thursday, Rihanna's lawyer asked the judge not to prohibit him from having contact with her while he faces the charges.Once the matter before him has been resolved, he intends to do so."
Zac Efron stars in "17 Again," which debuted in the No.What recession?CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
US Weekly's report followed a National Enquirer article before the crash that the athlete was having an affair with New York nightclub hostess Rachel Uchitel, an assertion she vigorously denied, according to The New York Post.After that several other women came forward alleging to have had liaisons with Woods.Last week on his Web site, Woods admitted to infidelity and said he was taking a break from golf to focus on his family.
The woman later died.Somebody's dying down the street and they say 'Help them,' and they just sat there," he said. "There's no excuse whatsoever, as far as I can see."
Is a Congress liberal or conservative that stops nuclear power plants and off-shore drilling, making us more and more dependent on Middle Eastern tyrants?Is a government liberal or conservative that puts the interests of the teachers union ahead of the needs of our children?Thank you, and God bless America.
Arsenal defender Nigel Winterburn went in late on Manchester United's Denis Irwin prompting chaos, as 21 players, with Arsenal goalkeeper David Seaman proving the exception, joining in the fracas.Unused Valencia substitute David Navarro then ran onto the field, to join in - the result of which was a broken nose for Burdisso.Adebayor refused to leave the pitch and it needed respective managers - the hot-headed pair of Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho - to stride onto the turf and defuse the situation.
Reese Witherspoon and Vince Vaughn star in "Four Christmases," which stayed at No.4.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
And I think that has been missing in their [White House] campaign," she says. "Borger said that the first lady is playing a completely different role. "It's a much more supportive role, and it's a role out of the policy arena, but more in the arena of just why we ought to think we need reform."
One of Target's two new Hawaii stores awaits its Sunday grand opening.Retailers in the United States took a hit last year as a weak economy weighed on consumer spending.CNNMoney.com's Parija B. Kavilanz contributed to this report.
Despite reports the river was dropping, Fargo officials have said they are holding their breath. "And our temperature is changing, so we will be reluctant to announce a crest until we truly feel there's been a crest," he said.CNN's Susan Roesgen, Steve Kastenbaum, Dina Majoli and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report.
He has a gift for computers but doesn't know what to do with his ability.Maybe it's because some people who never lived in a neighborhood like "The Wire" confuse hopelessness for authenticity.They deserve a chance to say goodbye to that world, too.
She showed that poor woman absolutely no mercy, none," Graham said. "Sharon Tate's sister, Debra, has staunchly opposed Atkins' release. "CNN's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report.
Under these new TSA guidelines, security screeners will conduct "full pat-down body checks" and extensive carry-on luggage checks for all passengers traveling from a country which the U.S. considers to be a "security risk."Among the red flags were that Reid bought a one-way ticket with cash and had no checked luggage.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arsalan Iftikhar
News footage showed Russian tanks pushing away Georgian police cars about 20 miles (32 km) south of Georgia's capital, Tbilisi.The tanks proceeded to plow ahead, damaging the police cars in the process.CNN's Bruce Conover, Jill Dougherty and Max Tkachenko in Moscow, Fred Pleitgen in Tbilisi, Georgia, Tommy Evans and Michael Ware in Gori, Georgia, and Barbara Starr at the Pentagon contributed to this report.
There have been numerous reports from the MDC and church groups since the March balloting about kidnappings, torture, and other violence, including the deaths of opposition party members.They say the violence targets opponents of Mugabe and his Zanu-PF party.Mugabe has ruled the southern African country since it became independent 28 years ago.
Unlike most smokers, he picked up the habit during college; according to the CDC, about 90 percent of heavy smokers start in high school.Some would-be smokers pick up their first cigarette to fit in. "Said Hurt, "This is only product that I know on the face of the Earth which, if it is used as recommended by manufacturer, kills 60 percent of its customers."
It will train them and technically arm them, although the funds will come from the U.S. military.The Afghans will be responsible for ensuring the loyalty of people in the program, but the United States will oversee the effort and collect biometric information, such as eyeprints and fingerprints, on all participants, according to the U.S. military official.U.S. officials are emphasizing that because of tribal diversity, the Afghan program differs from the Awakening Councils in Iraq, which include tens of thousands of Sunni gunmen and was credited with helping reduce violence there.
Employees spent $792,022 on meals and external events "without justification for food purchases, purchased alcohol without officer approval and exceeded the dollar limit for meals," the report says.The purchase was part of a policy that allowed the Postal Service to pay for employee homes when they moved, whatever the cost.Months after the story, the Postal Service changed its policy to limit home purchases to $800,000.
He grew up in Montreal, Quebec, after leaving Italy at an early age, and returned to the city following his retirement.According to Gatti's official Web site, the Italian-born pugilist won "Fight of the Year" for three consecutive years.CNN's Helena de Moura contributed to this report.
Tiller ran a women's clinic at which he performed abortions.Roeder could face life in prison if convicted of first-degree murder.He also is charged with two counts of aggravated assault for allegedly pointing his gun at two other ushers as he fled the church.
The 38-year-old Mosley, a three-weight world title winner, had already signed up for the bout at the MGM Grand, which will take place under the Olympic-style random blood testing drug protocols that Pacquiao refused to accept.I have always wanted to fight Floyd, and now it is finally coming true," Mosley said. "Pacquiao will defend his WBO welterweight title against Ghana's Joshua Clottey in Dallas on March 13 before returning to politics as he seeks election in his local constituency.
The interview was emotional for both the teen and the investigators, according to Maria Schneider, a prosecutor with the state attorney's office in Broward County. "The first time he spoke to us was joyous but watching him struggle every single day... "I'm proud of him, I'm very, very proud of him, 'cause I don't think I could do what he's doing."CNN's Rich Phillips contributed to this report.
Federal officials had initially trumpeted reopening the Seale case. "Under our Cold Case Initiative, we will continue to identify and pursue these cases of racially motivated violence to ensure justice is served wherever possible."The case is U.S. v. Seale (09-166).
Many people in the United States -- and many in partner countries that have sacrificed so much -- have a simple question: What is our purpose in Afghanistan?"The importance of the place is pretty substantial," said Michael O'Hanlon, senior fellow for foreign policy at the Brookings Institution.The danger of failure is real and the implications are grave."
Andrew Strauss' side became only the third team to beat the Proteas in a home one-day series after the umpires called the match off with the onset of another heavy downpour.Meanwhile, a century from Dwayne Bravo was the highlight of a competitive opening day of the second Test between Australia and the West Indies at the Adelaide Oval.The West Indies won the toss, elected to bat and finished the final session with momentum to be 336 for six at stumps.
Fresh out of high school, she embarked upon a three-week tour of Eastern Canada earlier this month full of hope over her blossoming career and excited to explore the region with a new car and driver's license.She was nominated for Young Performer of the Year honors by the Canadian Folk Music Awards, which will be awarded in November.I don't know how to move forward from here but I know that she would want that for me, and I will try to do that in her memory and celebrate her life in the way she lived it -- with passion, commitment and an unbridled loving heart."
A hospital worker is accused of injecting herself and using unclean syringes for patients.The tests were ordered after co-workers reported "suspicious behavior," Teegarden said Thursday.CNN's Jim Spellman contributed to this report.
That work is intended to dampen vibration on the structure.The bridge is "really showing its age," he said. "It's kind of a race against time to finish the new bridge before the next quake hits."
But advocacy groups say it's too soon to determine whether autism rates were affected by removing thimerosal from vaccines.In 1999, manufacturers began removing thimerosal - which is a mercury-based preservative - from vaccines.In 1997, Congress passed a bill that mandated review of products containing mercury, which led manufacturers to begin removing thimerosal from vaccines two years later.
Trust "is a two-way street," she added.I just want to keep putting on the table that we have some concerns as well.So I think that being involved at the highest levels sends a message of our seriousness of purpose."
A Tibetan Buddhist monk in southwest China's Sichuan province.In Iran, the report says, "continued deterioration of the poor status of respect for religious freedom" last year. "Instead of protecting religion practice and promoting tolerance, this concept seeks to limit freedom of speech, and that could undermine the standards of international religious freedom," Rice said.
Rodriguez also contributed to the ride and handling on those vehicles, a task that began with the Ford Five Hundred back in 2001.It takes a while to tune your body, but I've been working on this particular chassis for eight years, so I really know what it's capable of and how to make it respond."We'd agree.
What happened to you as a child??The stars' behavior might have long-lasting consequences, Wilson added. "I wouldn't be surprised if MTV banned alcohol [at the event] next year," he said.
She walked over to the official and waved her racket angrily as she unleashed her tirade at the official, who immediately reported what had been said to the umpire.Having earlier warned Williams for racket abuse, the official called for tournament referee Brian Earley and a penalty point was imposed which enabled Clijsters to claim the match.Replays indicated that the line judge may have got the foot fault call wrong.
Hundreds of dead cattle litter the slopes of Mount Kenya, fatally weakened by long treks to the region.If it is the will of God to bring rain, he will bring rain.But he also brings drought."
Tyler's fall was the second mishap for the lead singer during their tour with ZZ Top.Five shows were postponed in July after Tyler sprained his leg.The band said refunds will be issued for all canceled shows.
Over $31,000 in fines were handed out in the final grand slam of the season with Daniel Nestor, from Canada, forced to pay $5,000 for unsportsmanlike conduct towards a fan he confronted.Vera Zvonareva of Russia and Austria's Daniel Koellerer were also fined $1,500 for audible obscenities.Federer will get an early chance to put his U.S. Open disappointment behind him when he plays for Switzerland in a World Group playoff tie against Italy this weekend in Genoa.
IAEA inspectors today visited the... nuclear installation," the semi-official Mehr news agency said, referring to International Atomic Energy Agency staff. "Low-enriched nuclear fuel can be further enriched into weapons-grade material.CNN's Per Nyberg contributed to this report.
Patch remarried in 1980, but he became a widower for the second time four years later.He received battlefield treatment without anesthetic.He was the last of a generation that in youth was steadfast in its duty in the face of cruel sacrifice and we give thanks for his life -- as well as those of his comrades -- for upholding the same values and freedom that we continue to cherish and fight for today."
Transport Workers Union leaders walked out of contract talks just before midnight, saying they couldn't accept an offer from the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority because of a shortfall in their pension fund and disagreements on some work rule issues.Commuters weren't taking it well.The transit authority urged riders to check its Web site for contingency plans.
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg issued a statement Thursday supporting Paterson's order.It will "let a larger number of health care workers administer vaccines, and strengthen our health department's ability to track the use of vaccine supplies," the statement read.About 800,000 people in New York City became infected with the disease during the first wave of the virus last spring, according to the New York City Department of Health The New York health department will provide training for administering the vaccinations, though the exact amount of training required is yet to be determined, according to Tom Dunn of the New York state education department, which issues vaccine licenses.
Former President Carter said Tuesday that the United States must end its energy-based vulnerability. "Richard Nixon was the first president to set a goal of energy independence, Kerry noted.Nixon called for that goal to be reached by 1980.
The pilots of the plane that landed at the Atlanta airport have been relieved from flying duties pending probes.Close calls in 2007 at some of the busiest U.S. airports prompted the FAA to take action to reduce the risk of runway incursions and wrong runway departures.There were 24 serious runway incursions that year, eight of them involving commercial carriers.
Reaching for the most popular bottled brands isn't necessarily a solution.The new research is backed by a second report from the Environmental Working Group.Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009
Fernando Cutz, senior class president at the university in Missouri, said the aggrieved students have been in contact with lawyers representing Original Mother's, a bar in Chicago's Gold Coast neighborhood.Roberts approached the same manager who had turned away the African-American students, paid the entry fee and was allowed in, Cutz said.CNN's Susan Candiotti also contributed to this report.
Piracy accelerated after the fall of the Somali government in the early 1990s and began to flourish after shipping companies started paying ransoms.Those payments started out being in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions.Some experts say companies are simply making the problem worse by paying the pirates.
It is part of the FBI's ongoing Innocence Lost National Initiative, which was created in 2003 with the goal of ending sex trafficking of children in the United States.The initiative, conducted with assistance from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, has so far resulted in the recovery of almost 900 children, according to the FBI.It has also led to more than 500 convictions.
Garrett was taken to the East Los Angeles sheriff's station, where he was booked and held on bond.His court date is February 24, Whitmore said.CNN's Michelle Wright and Alan Duke contributed to this report.
Staff at Memorial were accused of hastening four patients' deaths in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. "In 2006, Foti ordered the arrest of Dr. Anna Pou and two nurses, Lori Budo and Cheri Landry, on preliminary charges of second-degree murder in the deaths of four patients.Hospital workers identified only as John and Jane Doe had sued to block the public release of the file, claiming the records are covered by grand jury secrecy rules, that they should have been considered confidential informants and that releasing the documents would violate their privacy.
When we were outside, we would go fishing, we would do weenie roasts.Wilfong, 30, is jailed on felony child abduction charges and made her first court appearance Tuesday, Sandusky said. "It was just a wonderful feeling to see a little boy that's been in that situation for so long enjoy himself," he said.
His response was to set up "Pints for Prostates," an organization that uses the universal language of beer to reach men with its message about the importance of prostate cancer screening.He told CNN, "I'm hoping that there's a whole bunch of other guys out there who'll be able to experience the same thing [as me] -- see their families grow up and grow old."Mark Tutton contributed to this report
They had to earn money for their mosque and the Ummah," one of the sources said. "Canadian Border Patrol is holding him on immigration violations, the FBI said.CNN's Susan Candiotti, Carol Cratty and Ross Levitt contributed to this story.
Sanctions have achieved little.So I think that cultural relations -- music in particular -- are a really important part of how we know each other as human beings," Cooper said.The Nazeris have performed in cities across the United States in recent years.
A CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey indicates that 26 percent of the public has an unfavorable view of the Tea Party movement and that 4 in 10 have not heard of the movement or don't know enough to form an opinion.What's the future of the Tea Party movement?CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
The United States linked Colombia's agreement to a trade pact the South American nation wants.Colombia also stands to gain from U.S. help in the nation's 45-year-old war against Marxist guerrillas known as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, commonly called FARC.Colombian Foreign Minister Jaime Bermudez, Defense Minister Gabriel Silva and Interior and Justice Minister Fabio Valencia Cossio were joined by U.S. Ambassador William Brownfield in signing the document Friday in Bogota, the nation's capital.
Even for students who stay the course and do well in education, the rules of success have changed irrevocably.The waste of talent in education is not deliberate.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sir Ken Robinson.
Brown had asked for immediate certification.In a letter to Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick and Secretary of State William Galvin, Brown's attorney says the Republican senator-elect had planned on being sworn in on February 11, but he has been told that several Senate votes will be held before then. "For this reason, he wants certification to occur immediately," attorney Daniel Winslow wrote.
They're recording their history," said Camille Scully, executive director of Iowa's Waterloo Center for the Arts and co-president of the Haitian Art Society. "With unemployment as high as 85 percent and a majority of Haitians reeling in abject poverty, art has also emerged as an economic lifeline. "CNN's Jessica Ravitz reported from Atlanta, Georgia.
Many have stopped eating and are constantly fatigued.Some parents worry they will not be able to provide medical care for long-term problems.About 10 percent of the nation's arable land and 12 million tons of annual food crops are contaminated with lead, he said.
As the Arctic sea ice melts, polar bears face extinction.Measurements taken by Hadow and his team report that the ice-floes were on average 1.8 meters thick -- which, according to scientists, is too thin to survive next summer's ice melt.Maybe losing this sea ice, this roof on the top of our planet in going to be an important moment, a big visual aid to the science that in combination can bring about some sort of global agreement on emissions."
Still more must be done, aid groups say, starting with the establishment of a special court made up of Congolese and international judges and prosecutors to investigate rape allegations. "My hope is that the women and girls of -- of eastern Congo in particular -- will continue to speak out.I think we've seen immense courage from those women and girls to say, 'No, we've had enough.'"
It happened that it all jelled," he said by telephone. "Then came Apollo 8.It is mind-boggling in some respects," he said Monday.
A mother and son wear face masks as protection from swine flu at Sydney international Airport in Australia.The downside is that it's more expensive, uncomfortable to wear for long periods of time and has to be custom fit, Reingold said, so it's suited for people working in high-risk laboratories.It's a period of time when we need a little more affection, but doing it in a way that isn't going to transmit a respiratory disease would be a CDC approach," he said.
The fly-half, playing only his second international ahead of the veteran Ronan O'Gara, landed five penalties as the Irish overcame conceding the game's only try to Schalk Burger in the 16th minute.The Kiwis, who had earlier beaten Wales, Italy and England on tour, led 22-12 at halftime as backs Sitiveni Sivivatu and Mils Muliaina crossed for tries along with back-row forward Jerome Kaino.Italy beat the touring Samoa team 24-6 for their first victory in four encounters with the Pacific Islanders, who had Henry Fa'afili sent off for a high tackle on first-half tryscorer Luke McLean.
File photo of the remote mountain Tora Bora region on the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan.The targets were carefully chosen to pinpoint enemy positions and eliminate the likelihood of harming innocent civilians," she said. "E-mail to a friend CNN's Joe Sterling contributed to this report.
she says.Then I skipped out into the streets of Atlanta, in a pair of her new gladiator stiletto sandals.That I got on sale, of course.
Former President George H.W. Bush waves aboard the aircraft carrier named after him Saturday. "Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, Defense Secretary Robert Gates, Vice President Dick Cheney and Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine were there, as was Bush's son President George W. Bush and his wife, Laura. "Read about features of Air Force One » President Bush leaves office January 20, and President-elect Barack Obama will be sworn in.
Military and federal police convoys patrol the streets around the clock.PM is a perfect example of Mexico's so-called "red press," newspapers that specialize in covering violence.Then you have to end corruption and that means changing the government cabinets of half the countries in the world."
She gets home from work and spends the evening with her children and after they go to sleep she looks forward to some time by herself.And the couple tries to get out once a month for "date night."The only problem Ware is having with her mother living with her is Carradine's cooking: "She is a great cook, and it's hard," Ware says with a laugh, "but I'm staying very disciplined."
There's not a whole lot of other things in your life where you put a small amount of money in and maybe something big will happen.Two years ago she won $100,000.It's too exciting... knowing you have the chance to win."
If the senator from New York had faltered at all, Gore would take a serious look at entering the race, the source said.Fratto said Bush would not be under any pressure to adopt mandatory caps on greenhouse gas emissions, a policy Gore has advocated.E-mail to a friend
I heard this is a public place, so they limit what you can smoke, but this was a practice round and no one said anything," he told the gathered media.British Open champion Stewart Cink backed Jordan despite the outcry suggesting the cigar was unlit: "The tobacco usage did become a little bit of a story out there, because I saw Michael with a cigar in his mouth that was unlit. "He's trying to set a good example for the rest of the people who see on TV what we are doing out there, just try to set a good example and try to chew his tobacco instead of smoke it."
There's not much about it in the Koran, Muslim's holy book.The niqab is worn by many Muslim women throughout the Arab world and beyond and is most common in the countries of Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and the United Arab Emirates.Daniela Deane contributed to this story.
During the two-week mission, the six-member crew will deliver an Italian-built Tranquility node and a seven-windowed cupola to the station, which will be used as a control room for robotics.The mission also will include three spacewalks.The space station will be about 90 percent complete once the node and cupola are added, NASA said.
Parents who want their kids home for Christmas may do well by persuading them to see "Everybody's Fine," which opens next Friday in U.S. theaters. "The strongest reactions have come from people between 24 and 35, many of whom told Jones he's "scratched a nerve," he said. "A personal irony for the director is that, for the 14 months Jones was making this movie about family togetherness in the United States, he was away from his own family in England.
Still spine-chilling.William Gheen, of Americans for Legal Immigration, said he is buying the costume. "The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz.
Critics of the sect say young girls are forced into "spiritual" marriages with older men and are sexually abused.Sect members have denied any sexual abuse.CNN's Dave Alsup contributed to this report.
People traveled from all over the United States to attend the Capitol Hill event, organizer Abdul Malik said. "America represents, still, a beacon of hope," he said.The time has come for the American public to call Islam to account," he said.
But the affable 74-year-old is used to crossing cultural boundaries.I have big hope all Asiatic people and countries... everybody love music basically," he said. "Teaching has become, I think, more and more important my life, really."
She was 72.Such honesty comes with a price, but when you get past the hurt and shock of realizing that you're faulted and frequently wrong, you also realize that you are really loved and respected for who you are, and you become a better person."She is survived by her husband, Ethan Robbins; her daughters Alicia and Erika; her sister, Ann Gordon; and her granddaughters Wylie and Virginia.
A drone similar to this one crashed near Nogales, Arizona, on April 25, 2006.The Federal Aviation Administration doesn't require a pilot's certificate to operate a drone. "E-mail to a friend
I mean, honestly, it's the best way to see them," said spokeswoman Denise Ferree. "Chena's owner, Bernie Karl -- who's often as colorful as the lights themselves -- said the auroras sometimes spark the libido. "Find general information on touring Iceland at Iceland Travel.
Now he's a big actor and here I am, juggling."Watch the juggler in action » You could say Anthony Gatto went into the family business.Surrounded by all this talent and precision, there is some comfort in knowing one of the best -- maybe the best juggler in the world -- is also a klutz.
An artist's impression shows what the planet may look like in close orbit with its sun. "At least 42 scientists at 17 institutions on three continents worked on the project.They are publishing their findings in a special issue of the Astronomy and Astrophysics journal on October 22 as "The CoRoT-7 Planetary System: Two Orbiting Super-Earths."
Italy does not have the death penalty.Their trial began in January.CNN's Mallory Simon contributed to this report.
In addition to its "Eye on South Korea" coverage, CNN International's interview program "Talk Asia" will feature Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-sung starting Wednesday and K-pop icon and actor Rain.Among the highlights of the coverage has been South Korea's first lady offering her tips on her nation's cuisine to CNN anchor and correspondent Kristie Lu Stout.CNN's Kyung Lah also takes a look at hour South Korea is revamping its economy to environmental-themed businesses.
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says "swift action" will be taken on wife Maria Shriver's driving "violations."Seven states and the District of Columbia ban all handheld cell phone use by drivers.Several other states allow localities to set their own limits on cell phone use.
Ronaldinho's compatriot Alexandre Pato made it 3-0 just two minutes later with his seventh goal of the season, netting at the second attempt after goalkeeper Luca Castellazzi blocked his initial effort following a header on by Borriello.It was Milan's fifth successive victory, with coach Leonardo taking Ronaldinho off at halftime as a precaution due to a slight knee problem ahead of Tuesday's Champions League trip to FC Zurich, which will determine whether the Rossoneri qualify for the knockout stages.Sampdoria slumped to a third defeat in a week, having been knocked out of the Italian Cup by lowly Livorno in midweek following the embarrassing 3-0 derby defeat to Genoa last weekend.
Since September 1 we have seen eight tropical cyclones, five of which became typhoons, two reaching Super Typhoon status, the strongest classification of tropical cyclones in the Western Pacific.For comparison, the North Atlantic is 50 percent below average for the year.El Nino also is a likely culprit for the inactivity in the North Atlantic, since El Nino can cause more wind shear in the upper atmosphere, a condition that limits the ability of Tropical Cyclones to survive.
Today's generation needs to prove that it can meet the challenges of the 21st century.Merkel also touched on the global financial crisis, saying that the "near collapse of the markets has shown what happens when there is no underpinning order." "In 1957, German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer addressed the House and Senate separately, Merkel said.
He said at least a part of his talent is inherited. "I wanted to play trombone like my father."He is also great, which doesn't hurt."
Whatever the case, if you know what to look for, the pathogen problem comes into terrifying focus.What we eat and what we are Why aren't more people aware of, and angry about, the rates of avoidable food-borne illness?The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Safran Foer.
According to the latest figures from the World Health Organization, in 2004 the mortality rate of children under 5 years old in Zambia was 182 per 1,000 live births.In the United States, under-5 mortality rate was 8 per 1,000 live births in 2006.Skilled health personnel attended only 43 percent of childbirths in Zambia in 2002, according to the health organization.
There were several families with young children at the protests, as well as individuals of all ages, although the bulk were twenty- and thirty-somethings.Many protestors were upbeat following a recent decision by E.On to shelve plans for a new coal powered power station at Kingsnorth, in southern England, and the site of a similar protest in 2008.Now onwards to Copenhagen!"
Press TV said it had contacted the deputy head of the U.S. Interest Section in Tehran, Elizabeth Bucher, but she would not comment on the report.The suspect is a Swiss diplomat who represents the United States in Iran in the absence of a U.S. presence.The United States and Iran have not had full diplomatic relations since the 1979 Islamic revolution.
Polish military police boarded the ship to investigate, and Navy officials said the crew of the Ramage fully cooperated.No U.S. sailors were taken into custody by Polish authorities, Navy officials said.There was no immediate word of a U.S. Navy investigation into the incident.
Three years ago, Garrido demonstrated the box for clients of his printing business.Ground-penetrating radar also found an "anomaly" in that area, Orrey said Monday.Investigators have already found bone fragments at the property in unincorporated Contra Costa County but have not said whether they are human.
They hope these components will eventually include hundreds of LEDs to display images in front of the eye.The eye is our little door into the body," Parvis told Wired.com.Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
5.In America, dill pickles are twice as popular as the sweet variety.All rights reserved.
Security has been increased recently on the streets of Urumqi, Xinjiang's capital. "The speaker urged Uyghurs to "kill the Chinese communists where you find them, take them and besiege them and ambush them wherever you can."The U.S. State Department said the group has taken credit for violence in the past.
Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis says he wants to enact reforms in response to the international financial crisis.We need to build the solid foundation that will ultimately get us out of this crisis stronger."CNN's Efty Katsareas and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report.
A protester confronts police in London last weekend at a demonstration against Israeli action in Gaza.Bill Rammell, the Minister of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, said the UK government backed an EU presidency statement calling Israeli action disproportionate.Rallies were also held in London and Manchester last weekend in support of Israeli action against Hamas.
Fred Armisen played Barack Obama in a talked-about sketch Saturday night on "Saturday Night Live."We're not, you know, we're not putting on anything that we don't believe is funny."In some ways," Thompson said, "he's vulnerable to more serious damage."
A stone circle discovered near Stonehenge may suggest the prehistoric monument was part of a funeral route.Proof of life artifacts -- pottery, animal bones, food residues and flint tools used in the Stone Age -- are decidedly absent at Stonehenge but were found upstream in a village discovered by the excavation team in 2005, leading researchers to believe that Stonehenge was indeed a burial ground.But with each new find, the enigma fades just a little.
Umar Ahmed and his wife wait for anti-HIV drugs at a hospital in Nigeria.For those couples who decide to have children, BACATMA tries to reduce the odds that the child will be born infected with HIV by ensuring that the parents have antiretroviral agents and medical advice.Still, the decision to have a child is a controversial one when the parents who decide to do so are sick and unlikely to be able to raise the child.
The act aimed to show the strength the students had gained from their karate classes, Devarajan said.Nobody was injured, said P. Perumalsamy, a senior state education official.The students involved were aged between six and 13, he added.
East Turkestan is another name for Xinjiang.On October 20, the Supreme Court tentatively agreed to accept an appeal from the 13 Uyghurs to be released into the United States from American military custody.CNN's Carol Cratty and Bill Mears contributed to this report.
The surveillance-camera video, shot May 11, shows a man wearing a baseball cap, dark jersey, blue jeans and running shoes entering a store, walking to the back and looking around, then walking out.The Camorra pays them to keep quiet; we pay them to speak," said Francesco Emilio Borelli, head of the Green Party in the Campania region.The police spokesman said Camorra has been blamed for about 60 killings this year in Naples and its surrounding county.
The rest of the top-10 was completed by: Brazil playmaker Kaka, Real Madrid's summer signing from AC Milan; Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who joined Barcelona from Inter in the off-season; England forward Wayne Rooney of United; Chelsea's Ivory Coast frontman Didier Drogba; and Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard of England.The award was only open to European players before 1995, and that year AC Milan's Liberian star George Weah became the first from outside the continent to win it.Argentina-born Alfredo Di Stefano was named Europe's top player twice in the 1950s while at Real Madrid, but had acquired Spanish citizenship by that time.
It had "hawk-like" qualities, scientists say, which allowed the creature to kill and eat smaller, feathered dinosaurs which would later evolve into birds.Pterodactyls were prevalent during the Mesozoic Era between 220 and 65 million years ago.The research has been published in the "Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences."
MV Filitsa was seized in the early morning about 460 miles (740 kilometers) northeast of the Seychelles as it headed toward Durban, South Africa, according to a news release from EU NAVFOR Somalia.Two vessels were attacked the day after the Chandlers set sail.CNN's Al Goodman contributed to this report
Watch what drove GM to this point » But Saturn's waning popularity was just one of a litany of problems facing the auto giant, which filed for bankruptcy and announced specifics of its restructuring Monday.After a yearlong retooling, it started pushing out Chevy's crossover sport utility vehicle instead.CNN's Jim Kavanagh and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report.
Its crew stood at attention and a 21-gun salute greeted the ship.Former New York Gov. George Pataki received special dispensation to name the $1 billion ship USS New York; only submarines normally can be named after states.The USS New York will remain docked in the city through Veterans Day before heading back to its base in Norfolk, Virginia, for a year of crew training and exercises.
The latest test follows Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's disclosure Friday that Iran was building a second uranium enrichment facility.Watch analyst's view on missile tests, nuclear tensions » The United States and Israel believe that Iran is seeking nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear energy program.Iran has denied the allegation.
From a simple mortar round on the side of the road with a fuse and a wire running to a push-button, to complex explosives poured into concrete (shaped like curbs) with remote detonators and booby traps."And I don't want him to know how I found him out because I want to find out where all his buddies are and kill them too."E-mail to a friend
Tennessee police say trucker Bruce Mendenhall implicated himself as a serial killer.The truck was impounded and was being processed by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation.E-mail to a friend
Pakistani security forces have secured Sararogha and have started to clear the town of weapons and ammunition, the military said.Hours later, two suicide bombers detonated their explosives at a police checkpoint in Lahore, injuring 17 police and civilians.CNN's Samson Desta and Reza Sayah contributed to this report.
she exclaims there. "Cairo fact file: How to navigate Mideast's biggest metropolis "It's one of my favorite mosques in Cairo," Fahmy says. "I want to have a design house which can continue with the same message of carrying the Arab culture to the world."
E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters.All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
He used his power Monday to overturn a criminal court sentence of 60 lashes and a two-year travel ban imposed on female journalist Rosanna al-Yami.Saudi authorities put him on trial and sentenced him to five years in prison and 1,000 lashes.Octavia Nasr, senior editor for Middle East affairs, contributed to this report.
Every child has a father, and some of those fathers don't want to live up to the responsibility of being a father.Thank you.Read Don Lemon's editorial on Essence.com about what Obama represents for all of us.
It's the latest sting aimed at what many Iraqis say is rampant corruption in the country.But he said he believes it can be beaten slowly, and that's why he set up the undercover special operations unit to carry out sting operations.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh and Phil Black contributed to this report.
The plan included misleading the media on Friday when Alderden said authorities still believed the incident was not a hoax.Lane, asked Monday by CNN about his client's state of mind, said it was "what you would expect someone's state of mind to be after law enforcement searched your house, seized your property, held a press conference announcing you're about to be charged with felony criminal charges.In an interview arranged with the help of Gawker, Thomas told CNN that at one point they talked about the Roswell UFO incident of the late 1940s, when Heene said it would be easy to cook up "a media stunt that would be equally profound as Roswell, and we could do so with nothing more than a weather balloon and some controversy."
1 on the rock and roll charts. [Who it came from, we did not like them.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wynton Marsalis.
However, he has not governed as a socialist.Emotions were on display Friday on Copacabana beach in Rio, where thousands of people flocked on the first sunny day after two weeks of rain and atypically cold weather. "It was a mix of the end of a football championship with a... carnival and all the Brazilian festivals," Frayssinet said.
Sea The Stars started as a 4-6 favorite and was supported by a huge following, being cheered to the rafters in the ring even prior to the race.But the Aidan O'Brien-trained Set Sail and Grand Ducal set a blistering pace with the former leading by 15 lengths entering the home straight of the mile and a half (2,400 meters) race.Unbeaten French filly Stacelita then hit the front before 50-year-old Kinane and the superstar Sea The Stars worked their magic to emulate his dam (mother) Urban Sea who won the race in 1993.
Eight others were wounded, four more killed and one is missing, the bureau said.The 200-meter MV Jolly Rosso continued its voyage.CNN's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report
The Jumeirah Essex House is a landmark on Central Park South in New York.This incident occurred in one of the private condominiums at The Essex House complex," the hotel said in a statement provided to CNN. "One six-room unit is currently on the market for $8.25 million.
Earlier in the day, opposition supporters marched defiantly in Tehran's Haft-e-Tir Square, witnesses said.Others shouted "Allahu Akbar," or "God is great," which has become a slogan of protest.CNN's Reza Sayah, Sara Mazloumsaki, Mitra Mobasherat, and journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report.
CNN: How do you choreograph dances?Obviously, you explain what the dance is and how you have to act and what you should be thinking, but you don't choreograph facial expressions.I've studied acting for 10 years, so I'd love to do film at some point as well.
Others used ropes to wade through waist-deep muddy waters.Officials said the Philippine capital saw its heaviest rain in more than four decades.CNN's Dan Rivers contributed to this report from Manila, Philippines.
We're way behind them."Friends in the town of Italy, Texas, about 45 miles south of Dallas, said Smadi was outgoing and friendly -- but one told CNN last week that the teen started showing signs of depression about six months ago, around the same time the FBI started believing he was serious about carrying out a bomb plot.CNN's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report.
Members of the Matis, an indigenous tribe of about 300, live deep in the rain forest.Other area tribes were helping in a search for the two missing passengers along the shores of the Itui.CNN's Mariane Teixeira contributed to this report.
The signing of the deal is another major step in the embassy's plans to relocate from its longtime headquarters in central London to a new site in Wandsworth, on the south bank of the River Thames.John Adams, who later became U.S. president, lived on the square from 1785 to 1788, when he was the first U.S. minister to the Court of St. James.It is not clear whether the eagle will be considered part of the building's listed status, meaning it will have to stay on the facade, or whether it can be moved to the new location, according to a spokesman for the realty firm Cushman and Wakefield, which advised the United States on the sale.
The FAA said there were 12 serious incursions in 2009 and 25 in 2008.Only two of the serious incursions involved commercial airliners in 2009, compared with nine in 2008.The FAA defines a serious incursion as one in which a collision is narrowly avoided, or there was a significant potential for collision that resulted in the need to take quick corrective action.
The four firefighters were not injured.Workers had to simultaneously pull and lift the truck to get it out of the sinkhole.Watch workers pull truck from sinkhole CNN's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report.
The game, which involves using 19th century wooden-shafted clubs, has proved a hit as national championships in the United States, Australia, Canada, England, France, Germany, Sweden and Finland have blossomed.They sometimes look like they've stepped out of a pantomime.There's quite a lot of confusion as to what golfers were wearing in the early 1900s."
The veteran Dutch striker came off the bench in the 65th minute with the score at 1-1 to make his second outing since arriving from Real Madrid, scoring two typically opportunist efforts in three minutes as Stuttgart boss Christian Gross suffered his first defeat since taking the job in December.Sixth-placed Werder Bremen crushed third-bottom Hannover 5-1 away, scoring four times in the first half, while Bochum moved eight points clear of the bottom three with a 2-1 win at home to mid-table Hoffenheim.Basement side Hertha Berlin came from behind to earn a 1-1 draw at home to eighth-placed Mainz, but are still four points behind second-bottom Nuremberg, who lost 2-1 at Borussia Moenchengladbach on Friday night.
The voice recorder is capable of recording only 30 minutes of audio, federal accident investigators said Friday.Northwest Flight 188 -- carrying 144 people and five crew members -- flew past the Minneapolis airport during a mysterious 78 minutes of radio silence beginning about 7:56 p.m. ET Wednesday night.CNN's Mike M. Ahlers and Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
All the government functionaries, including federal government or provincial governments are directed not to hand over the alleged detainees [Americans] to any American agencies, or any other foreign agencies," the order said, according to Faisal Zaman, attorney for the government of Pakistan's Punjab province.That caught the attention of militants, and he eventually was contacted by a person named Saifullah, the report said.CNN's Samson Desta and Nasir Habib contributed to this report.
Almost half of Hondurans polled -- 48 percent -- said they disapproved of the job President Jose Manuel Zelaya was doing before he was ousted in a coup on June 28, said the 2009 Latinobarometro survey.According to Latinobarometro, 58 percent of Hondurans disapproved of the coup, while another 28 percent said they approved of Zelaya's ouster.Ecuadorians (36 percent), Brazilians (34 percent) and Venezuelans (30 percent) said a coup was possible in their country.
This is God's work!"I knew someone who knew someone who knew Luda and, you know, we just made it happen," White said.I will play it [in my car]."
This document, signed by Alexander Hamilton, discusses tools for customs agents to determine alcohol content for imported spirits.The document, dated Dec. 18, 1790, is an original draft of a "circular letter," an official memo that would have been hand-copied and sent to customs officers, historians said. "The National Archives said the document will become part of its permanent holdings and will be preserved in a locked, temperature and humidity-controlled stack area at its facility in College Park, Maryland.
For Kwan, however, transforming a sleepy town with one aging hotel at the bottom of a mountain has been far from a smooth ride. "It's easy to have a mountain in China.The younger generation is getting money, traveling and getting more adventurous, they're the ones who are going to define the industry."
Mazen Abdul Jawad talked openly about his sex life on the controversial show.Jawad's lawyer could not be reached for comment.The ministry officials spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity.
Matthew Jenkins said after Mullen's speech. "You know what to expect next time as far as how you need to manage things.Sometimes you worry about them more; sometimes you worry about them less," she said.
Residents of my district want their voices to be heard and want to be a part of the political process.Using social media is a great way to do just that.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Chaffetz.
Amla was unbeaten on 253 when the tourists declared on 558-6 in the final session on Sunday, then India safely reached stumps at 25-0 in a clash between the top two teams in the five-day format.Doug Bollinger also snared two early victims, including the key scalp of big-hitting captain Chris Gayle, as the West Indies were left reeling on 12-3.Pollard, signed for $750,000 in the Indian Premier League auctions last month, top-scored with 31 from 35 deliveries.
But, the defence ministry disputes that. "It is important to remember that our first priority at the end of such attacks is to protect our personnel from further threats," the ministry said.CNN's Atika Shubert and Per Nyberg contributed to this report.
Members of Islamist militia Al-Shaabab patrol Bakara Market in Mogadishu, Somalia, earlier this month.However, AMISOM denied any involvement in the incident.Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report.
These were main points in the findings released Friday by the U.S. military into the probe of the October 3 attack on Combat Outpost Keating in the Kamdesh district of Nuristan province.The report said the troops killed 150 enemy fighters and "found that the soldiers and junior leaders fought heroically in repelling an enemy force five times their size. "Members of B Troop upheld the highest standards of warrior ethics and professionalism and distinguished themselves with conspicuous gallantry, courage, and bravery under the heavy enemy fire that surrounded them."
The prosecution called arms dealer Michael Peter Hitschmann to the stand to implicate Bennett in the procurement of the arms.Throughout the court proceedings, Bennett -- clad in a blue suit, matching blue tie and a light blue shirt -- sat motionless, gazing into the sky once in a while.He laughed out loud when Hitschmann said he first saw Bennett on television punching the justice minister in parliament.
Christian McKay, another relatively unknown actor in the United States, has gotten lots of love from critics for his portrayal of Orson Welles in Richard Linklater's "Me and Orson Welles," and the Spirit Awards noticed, giving the British actor a nomination for best supporting male performer.In order to be considered, all films had to be 70 minutes long with a budget under $20 million, and had to have screened at one of the major film festivals, such as Sundance or Toronto.The awards ceremony is typically held the Saturday before the Academy Awards, but since the Spirit Awards are celebrating their 25th anniversary in 2010, they're moving out from under Oscar's shadow and will air live on the Independent Film Channel on March 5.
In 2004 she stepped into harm's away again when she was shot in the breast and stomach.See photos taken by award-winning photojournalist Ron Haviv » Even among the children.Send your photos and stories to iReport.
A report, issued Friday by the Muslim Public Affairs Council, reflects the shock among American Muslims over the Fort Hood massacre, the arrests of five American Muslims in Pakistan suspected of plotting terrorist attacks, and the arrests of eight Somali-American men on charges related to what prosecutors said were efforts to recruit youths to fight for a Somali guerrilla movement.Developing closer relations with local Muslims would help police tap "unique cultural and linguistic" skills that can spot and head off trouble.The role Muslim communities should play is in counterradicalization efforts through better religious education, social programs and long-term constructive political engagement."
She is a mother afraid for her son. "They have reacted with protests in at least three Australian cities.Any parent will tell you," Thakur says, "they are not going to send a child for the best education in the world at the cost of his life."
A Virginia state judge eventually ruled that Jenkins had no "parentage or visitation rights."Virginia really had no choice but to enforce judgments and judicial orders from Vermont."Virginia amended its constitution in 2007 to decree that marriage is defined as a union between one man and one woman.
Check out more of Houston's exclusive interview in the January issue on newsstands December 18th.Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE!Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Steyn took a career-best 7-51 as India, resuming on 25-0 overnight, were skittled for just 233 to concede a massive first-innings deficit of 325 runs.Steyn's strike partner Morne Morkel set the tone when he had Gautam Gambhir caught by wicketkeeper Mark Boucher with his first delivery of the day, with the opener not adding to his overnight score of 12.The tourists managed only 183-8 in their 50 overs as Mushfiqur Rahim top-scored with 86, and the Kiwis reached their target from only 27.3 overs with Ross Taylor smashing 78 off in a 52-ball innings featuring five sixes.
Carey Mulligan and Peter Sarsgaard star as a couple in "An Education."Being included in David's exotic, if mysteriously shady, universe -- the travel, the jazz clubs that hint at wider horizons, and, oh yes, the sex -- is like a crash course in worldliness.EW Grade: A-minus CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
The company will send a recall notice in the mail over the next few months, the release said.Owners may check their car's recall status by visiting the Honda "Owner Link" Web site at www.owners.honda.com/recalls or the Acura "My Acura" Web site at www.owners.acura.com/recalls. "Only certain vehicles are affected, and concerned owners of 2001-2002 Accords, 2001 Civics and 2002-2003 Acura TLs are encouraged to wait to receive a recall notice in the mail before scheduling an appointment with their local dealer," the company said.
He's an implacable rationalist, urging her to confront her fears and venture into the darkest recesses of her psyche.The movie's peculiarity can be accounted for in three words: Lars von Trier.For Entertainment Weekly's review, click here.
Condoleeza Rice says George W. Bush was clear that interrogations during his presidency should break no law. "I hope people understand that it was a struggle, it was a difficult time," she said. "I will not agree with everything that they say."
I feel all of us have a price up to a point.Varela had his good side, but my freedom doesn't have a price," she said. "I felt the golden cage had been flung open, and I could fly again."
In 1992 she set up Midori & Friends, a non-profit organization that brings musical education to young people in New York City. "I took it and I was very happy.And I'm grateful for that; it's also something that motivates me to continue to do it," she said.
Nino missed a chance from a similar position soon after, and in the second half he was denied by Israeli goalkeeper Dudu Aouate, who also did well to save Julian Omar's rising shot.Mallorca substitute Pierre Webo headed wide with 12 minutes to go as his team, who have a 100 percent home record, extended a poor away run of just one win in 12 trips.Champions Barcelona lead Real Madrid by two points following Sunday's shock defeat by Atletico Madrid, while Valencia are third a further 10 points adrift.
Brown, 20, sat silently in court Thursday afternoon as Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Patricia Schnegg reviewed his probation report. "The pair argued while in the car driven by Brown, the police statement said.Please."
Civil Affairs Minister Li Xueju has ordered local authorities to provide food, water and clothing to those who are still stranded, "and to make proper arrangements for people who lost their homes in the snow to get through the winter," Xinhua reported.It said the Civil Affairs Ministry and the Ministry of Finance have allocated 20 million yuan (about $3 million) from their central budgets to Shanxi and Hebei provinces to help move those affected by the snow and to help them build houses.Heavy snow has also fallen on Beijing, but no deaths have been reported there, Xinhua said.
The CNN Fact Check Desk wondered: Is there a way to ensure compliance with auto recalls?He says that states could refuse to renew registration until the manufacturer's fix has been made.CNN's Jen Haley and CNNMoney's Peter Valdes-Dapena contributed to this report.
He asked the Senate to extend the waiver. "There is no American competitor that can meet or exceed it," Isakson said on the Senate floor. "Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence contributed to this report.
Darrel Mohler has been charged with two counts of rape, Lafayette County Sheriff Kerrick Alumbaugh said at a news conference.and his sons Burrell Edward Mohler Jr., 53; David A. Mohler, 52; Jared Leroy Mohler, 48; and Roland Neil Mohler, 47.CNN's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report.
Commercial flights ended on January 12, when a 7.0-magnitude earthquake killed more than 200,000 people and damaged many of the country's buildings, including some at Toussaint Louverture International Airport, in the capital.In the most basic human terms, it is essential to reopen this airport and to reconnect the people of Haiti with their families and friends abroad."The company's other projects include rebuilding and fortifying levees in New Orleans, Louisiana, under contract with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Additionally, he said, investigators are following other leads as well.Read story from CNN affiliate Fox4KC.com "There has been indications there are a body or bodies in various locations," Alumbaugh said.Investigators have been working the case since August, he said, when the first of the now-grown children came forward.
Watch Schaefer talk about the school » But Schaefer realized it wouldn't be enough.Want to get involved?Check out Lidia Schaefer's Web site and see how to help.
There are a lower number of similar reported incidents amongst the considerably higher number of Maclaren buggies sold in Europe.If a buggy is folded or unfolded in line with our operating instructions the risk of injury is non-existent." •U.S. consumers can contact Maclaren at 877-688-2326 or visit www.maclaren.us/recall to receive the repair kit.
He has been scorned by government hard-liners, whose credibility and legitimacy have been publicly questioned since the elections.On Wednesday, Islamic authorities tried to pre-emptively silence anti-government demonstrations and rhetoric.According to the Islamic Republic News Agency, Hossein Sajedinia, deputy of operations for Iran's security forces, said, "The police will not allow a handful [of individuals] to disrupt the organization and safety of this day, by fooling people and the youth."
Actress Gina Gershon "is extremely offended" by the Vanity Fair article, her lawyers say.I reject the notion that I'm making an insinuation," Purdum said. "But I'm very comfortable quoting the people I quote because I know who they are, and I know that they are very senior people who have known President Clinton for a very long time and work for him at very high levels."
The Pakistani army is conducting an intense operation to rout militants from their haven along the country's border with Afghanistan.Like South Waziristan, it is also considered rife with militants.CNN's Samson Desta and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report.
The Navigon's interface is better for me.Navigon also just released a $24.99 (intro priced at $19.99) upgrade option that will give you live traffic information.But I'll bet they'll come up with something to remain at least somewhat viable.
Since last year's trolley crash in Boston, Massachusetts, there has been another incident on the same line.Now it is up to us, because we now are the advocates for these changes," Rosenker said.Recommendations resulting from the Boston crash "raise the bar of safety not only in this system, but across the United States."
The golf phenomenon, who has won three U.S. Open titles and the Masters tournament and the PGA tournament each four times, said in the statement that he will spend his hiatus with his family. "After much soul searching, I have decided to take an indefinite break from professional golf.I need to focus my attention on being a better husband, father and person," Woods said in his Friday statement.
Darrel Mohler has been charged with two counts of rape, Lafayette County Sheriff Kerrick Alumbaugh said at a news conference.and his sons Burrell Edward Mohler Jr., 53; David A. Mohler, 52; Jared Leroy Mohler, 48; and Roland Neil Mohler, 47.CNN's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report.
He tells me they'll sell the heavily cut cocaine for $1.50 a gram.The rules don't change; they always will be the rules, here or anywhere else."Alone and far away."
The forward's lawyer has appealed against the punishment for the player who had previously admitted in interviews that he had struggled to adapt to the different culture and religious life in Sudan.Worgu, who has been a regular for the Nigerian Under-20 side, had moved to Al-Merreikh for $2.6 million from Enyimba in Nigeria ahead of Egyptian side Al-Ahly in what was one of the biggest transfers in African football.He had previously been the top scorer in the African Champions League in 2008 after he found the net 13 times but has largely struggled to recapture that form at Al-Merreikh.
Depending on where it is celebrated, the day is alternatively known as Armistice Day, Remembrance Day, Poppy Day or Veterans Day.Millions were killed in World War I, which lasted from 1914 to 1918.France, Britain and the United States defeated Germany and its allies, such as Austria-Hungary and the Ottoman Empire.
While it was likely worth just a few hundred dollars when it was stolen, the VW is now valued at about $27,000, he said.Allstate Insurance Company, which paid the original owner for the loss decades ago, now owns the van, according to Allstate spokeswoman Megan Brunet.The insurance company has not decided if it will sell the van at auction -- which is the routine -- or put it to other use because of it's history, she said.
Thalidomide sufferers and campaigners hailed the move and said it was long overdue.It is a bonus, something that we didn't think would ever happen," she told CNN about the government's apology. "CNN's Phil Black and Melissa Gray contributed to this report.
Making a late night public announcement, Micheletti said his entire cabinet had resigned to clear the way for a reconciliation cabinet to be named. "he said.Micheletti and his supporters say Zelaya's removal was a constitutional transfer of power and not a coup.
The training does take over," she said when asked about her quick reactions. "There was many people outside pointing to the direction that this individual was apparently located, and as soon as I got out of my vehicle and ran up the hill was when things got pretty bad."I just thank God he missed me," he said.
Critics of "Balika Vadhu" say the premise -- that child marriage takes place in India -- is the only real aspect of the show.The CEO of Colors, the channel the show airs on, says viewers love it because it's based on reality.The government looked into it and gave it a clean chit, so the cameras continue to roll on the sets, and the show goes on.
Imam Yahya Hendi, the Muslim chaplain at Georgetown University, said Hasan came to him at least two years ago as the cleric conducted services at Bethesda Naval Hospital in Maryland. "Hasan remained hospitalized in Texas, paralyzed from the waist down, his lawyer said.He was shot by a civilian police officer, who was also wounded in the attack.
Once the suspects are charged and referred to trial, the case would be sent to Iraq's Central Criminal Court, the Iraqi official said.If that happens, it would be the first time U.S. citizens were tried in Iraq since the United States returned the country's government to the Iraqis.CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Alan Duke contributed to this report.
Though its economy has grown in recent years, Haiti is still the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere, with four-fifths of its 10 million people living in poverty.But he said efforts to redevelop Haiti's long-ravaged economy may have been set back by "decades."CNN's Matt Smith contributed to this report.
But the airline only delivered a seat in economy class.It's obvious to us we didn't receive what we paid for.Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT, DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES, INC.
But in others, life still looks as it did days after the January 12 quake.People have only what they dug out of the rubble with their bare hands or acquired somehow else for survival.Recently seen along a row of tents in a camp in Leogane was this hodgepodge of life before and after: Turquoise hand-crocheted lace Mazola oil Ceramic jar that says: "Fresh Cookies" Propane stove Barbie doll A black rhinestone Bebe T-shirt Boxes of "Gourmet" spaghetti Bicycle chain John McCain bumper sticker NFL towel Teddy bear Set of disposable stacked plastic bowls Amplifiers and scavenging pigs Box of dog biscuits Aluminum cooking utensil set 32-ounce cans of tomato sauce Cotton squares Peppermint green Clarins makeup bag Plastic baby bottle Jeans turned inside out to dry Yellow flip flops Pen and ink drawing of a woman USAID bag of rice Evaporated milk Red roll-aboard luggage Blanket Wood-framed photograph Bausch and Lomb soft contact lens case Compaq computer monitor Frayed Haitian flag Crayolas Travel-size SPF 30 sunblock Pillows One dust-laden Converse hightop -- hard to tell what color
Mata visited the town Sunday. "Private, government and U.N. donations have all been promised, but the needs exceeded supplies, with high demand for food, construction materials, plastic sheeting, medications and -- with a cold front expected to sweep into the area Tuesday -- clothes, Alvarado said.A low-pressure system out of the Pacific triggered the disaster, said Robbie Berg of the National Hurricane Center in Miami, Florida.
Victor Zhikai Gao, now the director of the Beijing Private Equity Association, told CNN's Christiane Amanpour that the United States should deal with Beijing "with respect" and not be "too abrasive." "Both China and the United States need to give each other due respect and need to incentivize each other.And then we can work together towards a better peace and better world."
In most cases, if we don't have anything, eventually they'll be released," said Brig.Asked about the killings at the canal, Quantock told CNN: "There's never an excuse to execute anyone.They become judge, jury and executioner."
Accordingly, it should come as little surprise to any reasonable observer that when Army Maj.Muslims perceive a double standard in this regard: Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols would never be called 'Christian terrorists' even though they were in close contact with the Christian Identity Movement.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arsalan Iftikhar.
Parents should unplug and secure power cords whenever possible, and move appliances out of the way.Window guards are a safe choice: they offer protection and cost less than $30 each on average.Nobody knows a child better than the parent, so it's important to be well-educated so a parent can take the steps necessary to mitigate hazards for their own child," says Cianflone.
I regret it."It is not the first apology for offensive behavior by Prince Harry.--CNN's Katy Byron and Per Nyberg contributed to this report.
Some hadn't seen particular classmates in the 50 years since they earned their diplomas.I was glad to meet new friends today."A special thanks to Bright Blue Sky Productions for its help on this report.
However, lost laptops with encryption saved companies nearly $20,000, compared with those that did not have encryption, according to the Ponemon study.Hackers tapped into her computer, resulting in inappropriate material being sent through her account.But technology company CTO Fitzpatrick says he hesitates to use VPN from a public Wi-Fi hotspot: "Even though all the traffic is encrypted," he said, "if your machine got compromised in some way, it is sort of a gateway into your network."
By early afternoon, at least 155,000 customers were without power in the state -- mostly in and around Norfolk, according to the Dominion Power Web site. "With the National Weather Service indicating that eastern Virginia could experience flooding and storm surge comparable to the effects of a Category 1 hurricane, it's critical that Virginians make the necessary preparations," Kaine said. "While we will continue to monitor conditions, the commonwealth is preparing for a period of coastal flooding through at least Friday evening."
Speaking to staff members at the U.S. Embassy, Clinton said there is a careful and thoughtful review of U.S. policy going on "because we know this is a turning point." "Clinton told the NBC program "Meet the Press" on Sunday that the primary U.S. mission in Afghanistan is defeating al Qaeda, rather than making a long-term commitment to rebuild the country.CNN's Elise Labott contributed to this report.
Whatever I might say today, the truth is I cannot give you back your childhood.I cannot rewind the clock on your suffering, nor can I erase the past," Rudd added. "But what I can do with you is celebrate the spirit that has lived within you over the decades -- a spirit that has stubbornly refused to be beaten, a spirit that has turned you into the survivors that you are."
The harmful short-term effects of secondhand smoke are well known; the long-term consequences aren't as clear.We can still see a difference even decades later."Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009
This week in iReport, we received compelling images and stories from major international natural disasters: a tsunami in the Samoan Islands and flooding in the Philippines from Typhoon Ketsana.We put together a gallery of her photos that chronicle the flooding. •Together, they created the very first San Diego iReport meetup.
It's easy to love someone when there is no turmoil, no conflict.No matter how strongly we may feel about each other, we will not always agree, and it is in those moments that we must tap into the mystery of love even more to find a way to first be patient, and then be kind.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson.
In rebalancing the world economy, analysts have said U.S. citizens should take cues from the Chinese, where 40 cents of every dollar of disposable income is saved, compared to 3 cents of every dollar in the U.S. But there are worrying signs in China that some young consumers are starting to emulate the worst habits of U.S. consumers -- like 27-year-old Yuan Shuai in Beijing, whose credit card bets on his future have turned into overwhelming debts.I have only one son, and he failed to live up to my expectations," Yuan's father said.CNN's Emily Chang, Fareed Zakaria and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report
Richard Heene pleaded guilty in Larimer County Court to a felony charge of attempting to influence a public servant.Their motive?To "make the Heene family more marketable for future media interests," the documents said.
The European Court of Human Rights found unanimously Tuesday that the display of a particular religious symbol -- such as the Christian cross -- in a classroom "restricted the right of parents to educate their children in conformity with their convictions, and the right of children to believe or not to believe," a court statement said.The European Court of Human Rights was set up in Strasbourg by the Council of Europe Member States in 1959 to deal with alleged violations of the 1950 European Convention on Human Rights.CNN's Hada Messia in Rome contributed to this report.
Reducing and eliminating malnutrition is feasible, according to the report, which calls on the international community to provide urgent help or face the consequences. "Global commitments on food security, nutrition and sustainable agriculture are part of a wider agenda that will help address the critical issues raised in this report," said Ann Veneman, UNICEF's executive director. "Unless attention is paid to addressing the causes of child and maternal undernutrition today, the costs will be considerably higher tomorrow."
Under Section 44 of Britain's Terrorism Act 2000, uniformed officers may stop any pedestrian or vehicle and search them, regardless of whether they have reasonable suspicion of wrongdoing.Even if the search did not respect the plaintiffs' private lives, the Law Lords found, the procedure was in accordance with the law and was proportionate to counterterrorism efforts.Liberty also called on the government to publish notice that authorization for Section 44 has been given.
At Fort Bliss in El Paso, for instance, a memorandum prohibits its soldiers from traveling into the Mexican state of Chihuahua, where Ciudad Juarez is located.More than 2,000 killings have been recorded in Juarez this year.CNN's Mayra Cuevas-Nazario, Mike Mount, Dave Alsup and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report.
They confiscated firearms, ammunition and vehicles, Maj.Gen. Gaudencio Pangilinan, operations chief of the Armed Forces of the Philippines, the affiliate reported.Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao, which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation.
At a congressional hearing Wednesday, Odierno said the main threat to stability in Iraq are Arab-Kurd tensions, adding there has been difficulty bringing the two sides together for possible joint patrols. "We've had some very good meetings," he said. "But we still have some ways to go on that."
He did so last month.His illness was chronic but not terminal.This proposal seeks to address this balance."
The president really deserves the right to be able to gather all of this information from all of the different principals, people involved in the shaping of this policy."Initial reports of cables sent by Eikenberry appeared in The New York Times, Washington Post and Los Angeles Times.CNN 's Barbara Starr, Elise Labott, Suzanne Malveaux, Mike Mount, Chris Lawrence and Tom Cohen contributed to this report.
Lakshmi's publicist also told US Weekly that "As a result of her condition, this pregnancy has been referred to by her physician as nothing short of a medical miracle, and due to its delicate nature, we ask/implore the press to respect Ms. Lakshmi's privacy at this time."Lakshmi is the ex-wife of famed author Salman Rushdie.She has hosted Bravo's hit show "Top Chef" since its second season and is herself a noted cookbook author.
Barrett will have his first court appearance in Chicago at 10 a.m. (11 a.m. ET) Saturday, authorities said.The maximum penalty for the charge of interstate stalking is five years in federal prison, the FBI said.CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report.
The U.S. Census Bureau has terminated ACORN's involvement in its public outreach program, both chambers of Congress have voted to deny federal funding to the organization, and several states are looking into ACORN operations.It is illegal, as Linda Tripp will tell you, to record someone in the state of Maryland without their permission.I don't think, however, it is fair to judge me as I'm cleaning up a previous administration, and now we have real documentation that these are political attacks on us, which is unprecedented."
Even for students who stay the course and do well in education, the rules of success have changed irrevocably.The waste of talent in education is not deliberate.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sir Ken Robinson.
She was the agent of change in Philippine democracy," said Ray Donato, the nation's consul-general in Atlanta.She had not been involved in politics before her husband, opposition leader Benigno "Ninoy" Aquino Jr., was gunned down at Manila's airport in August 1983 as he returned from exile.Aquino announced in 1990 that it was time to begin negotiating the "orderly withdrawal" of U.S. forces.
CNN: The plans and services range from $25 to up to $250 for an entire year.But it was so sweet and so innocent.And he's still a very dear friend.
We're anxiously waiting for results from the search and rescue operation," he said. "We're really hoping the peacekeepers are able to land near the site and confirm whether there are any survivors."Air Serv International, based in the U.S. state of Virginia, is one of several groups that provides transport services to relief organizations in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The official declined to be identified because a declassified version of the document has not been made public.If troops can keep a target under surveillance but wait for daylight, they then can enlist the aid of village elders, perhaps, in determining if a home or compound poses a threat, the official said.The official said the documents may be made public in the coming weeks, after current operations ease.
Earlier in the day, opposition supporters marched defiantly in Tehran's Haft-e-Tir Square, witnesses said.Others shouted "Allahu Akbar," or "God is great," which has become a slogan of protest.CNN's Reza Sayah, Sara Mazloumsaki, Mitra Mobasherat, and journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report.
CNN: Did you get to meet [your co-stars] when you were doing the voices?Jessica Biel: I think I chose this part because I'm kind of a kid at heart and I really thought the story was so sweet and fun.... I wasn't doing anything.I'm still trying to decipher that.
Most of them are Nigerian. "Despite NDLEA's efforts the farmers are nowhere to be seen, but Commander Gaura remains practical. "But with the farmers and drug barons still in hiding Nigeria's drug war is far from over.
Most of his burns are on his back and buttocks; his face and hands were largely spared, doctors say.Weekes said he and the other two public defenders plan to make separate motions to the court asking that their clients be allowed to post bond.It's a horrible event that occurred, but this was not their conceptualization, in my opinion, of what was going to happen."
Some have sought Tibet's independence from China, but the Dalai Lama has sought autonomy. "The "middle way" approach with Beijing is one in which Tibetans want a level of autonomy that will allow them to protect and preserve their culture, religion and national identity.China blamed the Dalai Lama and his followers for the March riots -- a charge he has consistently denied.
Three days after the attack, I started giving a description.And to use my voice in telling my story to as many people as I possibly could over the years in hopes that I may encourage other victims of violent crimes to stand up and speak out against criminals."CNN's Mallory Simon contributed to this story
It will focus on nuclear issues, including proposals previously put forward by both sides.Solana also said the world powers and Iran agreed in principle "that low-enriched uranium produced in Iran would be transported to third countries for further enrichment and fabrication into fuel assemblies for the Tehran research reactor, which produces isotopes for medical applications."CNN's Andrew Carey, Matthew Chance, Christiane Amanpour and Elise Labott contributed to this report.
Ray, whose company is based in Carlsbad, California, has appeared on a variety of national programs, including CNN's "Larry King Live."A follow-up interview is expected to happen.CNN's Nick Valencia contributed to this report.
Based on Jiacheng's (Christian's) memories we did some analysis, like his eating habits," Zhang said. "His Chinese relatives all say they respect his decision about where to live but hope that just maybe he will want to stay. "He has grown taller, he has grown bigger, but inside Chinese blood is still flowing in his veins," said his birth father Jin Gaoke.
The grass is unkempt, the shutters are falling off and windows may be broken.How about you?Remember, out of adversity comes great opportunity.
Featuring black straps with silver buckles and zippers, the jacket came to symbolize Jackson's "Bad" era.It just became part of our family," said Renza, who planned to use the money from the auction to pay back student loans.Michael Jackson is looking down and has to be happy," he said after the auction, adding, "We lost an icon."
Inmates work with peppers at the Hillsborough County Jail in Tampa, Florida.The money goes back into an inmate fund that pays for things like the greenhouse where the peppers are grown.Maybe I can use the experience to better myself in the future."
It seems Raikkonen will now turn his attention to the World Rally Championship instead: "It wasn't in his interests to race for what [McLaren] were offering so he's going to go rallying," Robertson said.What do you think of Button's move?Have your say in our Sound Off below.
The dead man's mother identified him as Gentile Cherie, a 20-year-old carpenter.Nobody can do this in any country," Justin said. "Two-and-a-half hours after the shooting Thursday, Cherie's body remained on the sidewalk.
We are obviously disappointed with the result, and RDR is considering all of its options, including an appeal," attorney David S. Hammer said.Rowling, who said she has long planned to publish her own encyclopedia, and Warner Brothers Entertainment, producer of the Potter films, filed suit to stop RDR from publishing the book.Warner Brothers is owned by Time Warner, CNN's parent company.
What's the source document?Appathurai announced the rule in December 2005.No one knows where they are now and what they're doing.
Family members said he jumped into the river when he saw a fellow soldier struggling in the water. "I know, that day, he jumped into the river to try to save his comrade was because he didn't just see another soldier in the water; he saw his brother," Sherman's sister, Meredith, said in a statement to CNN affiliate WCVB in Boston, Massachusetts. "He didn't jump in because he was trained to but because that's what his heart told him to do."
Last, you can create photo books based on location.Google supplies back-end mapping services).CNET, CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. Used by permission.
They also try to elicit private information like passwords and bank account numbers to perform scams.As some social networking sites experience monstrous growth, they are becoming a new -- and extremely lucrative -- frontier for cybercrime.We are prepared for them," he said.
They would row about a mile, to the Trois Rivieres ferry, which was docked at the other end of the port.iReport: Search list for missing and found "First of all I have to put fuel on board.Perhaps, now they can begin to have hope about tomorrow.
The first week that my divorce was announced... I saw a picture of my ex-husband with his new wife's legs wrapped around his head," Eustace said. "Although Lance Armstrong's post-marriage flame, Sheryl Crow, wasn't the reason his five-year marriage to Kristen ended, she told Behar it was still difficult to watch.It can be actually, I think, very positive."
And she said, 'I can't.It was unreal.But she passed that deadline, he wrote, and celebrated her 21st wedding anniversary on December 7.
Given that up to 100,000 people visit the White House each month, the names published Friday included people with some very familiar names -- including William Ayers, Michael Jordan, Michael Moore, Jeremiah Wright and R. Kelly -- that did not belong to their more famous counterparts, he said. "The well-known individuals with those names never actually came to the White House," Eisen said.The names can be seen at www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/disclosures/visitor-records
Interpol hailed arrest of Uwayezu as a demonstration of effectiveness of international police co-operation.The 1994 Rwandan genocide left an estimated 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus dead over a 100-day period, the United Nations and Interpol say.Millions more were raped and disfigured, and nearly an entire generation of children lost their parents.
More than 30 miles further west of the capital is Petit-Goave -- all towns, Bolles said that are reeling from the quake.She said she heard the "whole town had collapsed."Outside of Port-au-Prince there really hasn't been anything."
Rooney opened the scoring on the stroke of half-time, superbly converting a diving header from Antonio Valencia's cross.And the 24-year-old doubled his advantage in similar vein in the second half, again finding space to head home another pin-point Valencia cross.West Ham arrived at Old Trafford on the back on consecutive victories that had seen them move away from the relegation zone, but they were always second best here and their fate was sealed when Owen netted his eighth goal of the season from a Paul Scholes through-pass.
Junior' Gotti's lawyer, Charles Carnesi, talks with reporters outside the federal courthouse.was nicknamed the "Teflon Don" because prosecutors had trouble making charges against him stick.He died in prison of throat cancer in 2002.
Police said Wednesday they have traced the suspects' travel routes and their destinations before and after al-Mabhouh's death. "The Australian government is very gravely concerned that these Australian passports appear to have been used fraudulently," he said.CNN's Paula Hancocks, Caroline Faraj, Saad Abedine and Hugh Williams contributed to this report.
Zelaya, who says he does not recognize the election, also has said he would not accept the post even if Congress voted him back in.We are disappointed by this decision since the United States had hoped the [Honduran] Congress would have approved his return," Valenzuela said in a conference call with journalists in Washington. "Zelaya, who was flown out of the country while still in his pajamas on the day of the coup, has been staying at the Brazilian Embassy in Honduras' capital since secretly returning to the country September 21.
Back on street level, walk up a couple blocks to the expansive Plaza España, site of two museums and a hangout for locals, especially in the evening, when kids crisscross the square on scooters or fly kites, and couples sit quietly together.So when you begin to tire of the antics of the "animation team" at the resort, and the color of your skin starts to resemble the papaya or watermelon you're eating, consider a short trip to Santo Domingo.You could even arrange to fly out of Santo Domingo's Las Americas airport, rather than Punta Cana.
They've caused such an uproar after last week's alleged balloon boy hoax that Lifetime won't air a re-run of their "Wife Swap" episode.She asks the kids about their anxieties and confronts Jay about the climate of fear in his house."Lifetime plans on filling the time slot with a "Wife Swap" episode that features another family, but rest assured, the Heene's reality TV debut can still be found on YouTube.
The American Muslim and faith communities must not allow houses of worship to become pawns in geopolitical struggles," said Imam Mahdi Bray, executive director of the Muslim American Society's Freedom Foundation. "A 36-story office tower in midtown Manhattan is owned by the 650 Fifth Avenue Company, a partnership between Alavi and Assa, the Justice Department said.CNN's Terry Frieden, Brian Todd, Deb Feyerick, Eddie DeMarche and Ross Levitt contributed to this story.
A girl places flowers at a shrine to army soldiers killed by militants who stormed Pakistan's army HQ.Four other militants were from Punjab as well.CNN's Reza Sayah contributed to this report.
Mario Andrette McNeill had already been charged with kidnapping the Fayetteville, North Carolina, girl.The girl went to her mother's last month, he said.CNN's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report.
Filipino pedestrians in Quezon City, a suburb of Manila, brave Tropical Storm Ketsana's floodwaters.Though the Philippines is no stranger to floods, Saturday's downpours approached a record, with 341 mm (13.4 inches) falling between 8 a.m. and 2 p.m., he said.The average rainfall for the entire month of September is 391 mm (15.4 inches), he said.
Last weekend, Florida state officials recovered the bodies of a 48-year-old man and his 7-year-old granddaughter after their 15-foot bass tipped over in Lake Okeechobee, according to CNN affiliate WPTV-TV in West Palm Beach, Florida. "That risk includes being lost at sea like Victor "Marquis" Cooper, an Oakland Raiders linebacker; Corey Smith, a Detroit Lions free-agent defensive end; and their friend William Bleakly.Even with the technology, a sea rescue is no easy feat, Johnson said."It's very difficult to locate someone.... It's like trying to find a basketball in the ocean."
Military scenarios, violent police actions and straight-from-the-big-screen massive firefights take place in such far-flung locales as Afghanistan, Kazakhstan and Brazil.Allen, players go undercover with Vladimir Makarov -- an underling of the villain from "Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare."Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
In May, Kate defended her husband against rumors that he had been cheating on her and stepping out while she stayed home with their twins and sextuplets.The Gosselins join a growing list of celebrities whose marital woes have been well-documented by the media and paparazzi.I think viewers can learn that sometimes when people let cameras into their personal lives for our entertainment, oftentimes it ruins what was theirs to begin with," Pecot-Hebert said.
Seth Meyers is thankful that politicians "did not stop being crazy" after the 2008 elections. "They'll give new looks at things and see things in new ways.Any time you get new voices in, that tends to help."
He was India's karate champion for four successive years from 1999 to 2002.She is a black belt first dan, or grade, and there are 10 grades in total.She is already a mini master but if she makes it to second dan she can start teaching -- just like her father.
We are not giving up.No way."The LeBaron brothers belonged to the "Community of LeBaron" in the Municipality of Galeana, a township founded by ex-communicated Mormons.
It affects our international image.Wikipedia, the user-edited online reference Web site, has locked down Mitterrand's entry, preventing changes to it, in a possible sign of the intensity of the debate surrounding him.CNN's Jen Carswell in Paris, France and Alanne Orjoux in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report.
Teachers and doctors in Buenos Aires went on strike Wednesday and are scheduled to go back to work Friday, the government-run Telam news agency and other outlets reported.The current health minister, Juan Manzur, said next year's health budget will have an increase of more than 15 percent, greater than the national budget, which will have a 12.4 percent increase.CNN's Javier Doberti contributed to this report.
One-third of Haitian children under five suffer chronic malnutrition, according to United Nations statistics; just over half of school-age kids are enrolled in schools.Perlitz was in custody Thursday, and it was not clear whether he had retained an attorney.Board members referred questions from CNN to an attorney, who was not immediately available.
However, new cases of the virus had dropped in the past three weeks.In terms of mortality rate -- which considers flu deaths in terms of a nation's population -- Brazil ranks sixth and the United States is 12th, the Brazilian Health Ministry said in a news release this week.Argentina ranked first per capita, Brazilian health officials said.
The work began as "a long-standing puzzle that we were interested in solving," he said. "Well," Szostak said, laughing, "maybe."CNN's Josh Levs contributed to this report.
Pacquiao has greatly enhanced his reputation with successive wins over Oscar de la Hoya, Britain's Ricky Hatton and Cotto.Mayweather returned to the ring with a comfortable win over Juan Manuel Marquez and has the reputation for grossing massive receipts from his pay-per-view appearances.For the moment, Pacquiao will spend time at home with his wife, Jinkee, and three children and is also set to pursue his ambition to enter Filippino politics, standing for a congressional seat in his home island of Mindanao.
On Thursday Intel launched a beta version of its app store, called the Intel AppUp center, for netbooks, the smaller, simpler cousins of laptops.And consumers win, too: They get more value out of their product without having to keep buying new hardware.They have a digital life outside the car -- they should have a digital life inside the car."
The 100-day killing rampage led to the loss of an estimated 10 percent of Rwanda's population.The tribunal has commended the Interpol and the Ugandan authorities for their close cooperation," the news release said.Samson Ntale contributed to this report for CNN.
And he spoke to those issues to each one of us in a spiritual way, in a pastoral way.Faith Johnston clutched her mother's rosary beads as she tried to speak to the pope.E-mail to a friend
I do realize that this created some debate in Colombia," he said. "In 2005, the prince brought together 170 Islamic scholars from 40 countries for the Amman Initiative to work out what they called a "theological counter-attack against terrorism."CNN's Arthur Brice contributed to this report.
Jorge Alberto Lopez Orozco allegedly murdered his girlfriend and her two young sons.Emigdio Preciado Jr. was wanted in connection with the shooting of two Los Angeles County, California, sheriff's deputies in September 2000.He had been charged with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution, attempted murder of a police officer.
So it's a way of reaching out and extending social ties and bringing people in who might not otherwise have an opportunity to know a Latino family and to know the culture."It makes her look like a princess," gushes Marlene Ferro.It is a way for people who have recently arrived, or maybe not so recently arrived, to say 'I have done well here'... I'm throwing this party for my daughter and I'm inviting all of you to partake of my generosity so that you can see exactly how well we've done."
I read a little bit of everything.... When I was 8, I was reading "Gone with the Wind" and "Pride and Prejudice" and all that, not knowing it wasn't my reading level."My husband thought I'd gone crazy.TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Puerto Rico is a U.S. territory, which means federal agencies have jurisdiction. "The suspect was arrested Monday around 11:30 p.m. AST (10:30 p.m. ET) at his home in the Mogote de Cayey neighborhood, said Wilson Porrata Mariani, another spokesman for the Guayama police district.It has been horrible, but they are very grateful that it has come to a quick resolution," Serrano said.
But Singh's visit, the first state visit hosted by the Obama administration, reflects India's growing political and economic importance to the United States and the deepening partnership between Washington and New Delhi.India has also become a major trading partner with the U.S., with $61 billion in trade in 2007.The symbolism of giving Singh the administration's first state visit will be a good start.
Various organizations and individuals signed petitions asking for release of journalist Bahari, Newsweek says.We are relieved that Newsweek journalist Maziar Bahari is home with his family today.Human rights groups have accused prison guards of coercing false confessions among other forms of detainee mistreatment.
My father beat me," Mark Obama Ndesandjo told reporters in China, where he lives. "However, Ndesandjo said he wants to live his life and tell his own story, not have others tell it for him.CNN's John Vause contributed to this report.
Police released photos of a suspect in the robberies of six New England banks.Authorities say they believe the woman has held up banks in the Connecticut towns of Middletown, Montville, East Hartford and Windsor, as well as banks in West Springfield, Massachusetts and Westerly, Rhode Island.Police suspect she struck again the next day in Windsor, Connecticut.
Nidal Malik Hasan, a 39-year-old licensed Army psychiatrist who worked at a hospital on the post, is the suspected shooter.I] started helping get people into the next building and get them under cover," he said.CNN's David Mattingly and Victor Hernandez contributed to this report.
For him and his colleagues, the answer is simple - Guede, Knox and Sollecito are all responsible for leaving Kercher partially clothed, strangled and with her throat cut on November 2, 2007.Knox's DNA is on the handle and that of Kercher is on the blade, said a source close to the prosecution who did not wish to be identified discussing an ongoing case.CNN's Hada Messia and Amy Sahba contributed to this report.
The captors operated with relative impunity and, at times, "their operational security was hopelessly inept" -- using Farrell's name over their mobile phones "heedless of who was, almost certainly, monitoring the calls."Farrell said he and his colleagues believed the attack, which destroyed two tankers, would be "a major controversy involving allegations of civilian deaths against NATO claims that the dead were Taliban."CNN's Ingrid Formanek in Kabul, Afghanistan contributed to this report.
Howard was then airlifted by helicopter to St. Francis Hospital in Hartford, where he later died, police said.The death has been classified as a homicide, said Bill Farrell, an investigator in the medical examiner's office.CNN's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report.
But behind that tough exterior were secrets of a difficult past. "I'm obsessed with them.Health magazine's December issue hits newsstands November 24.
A senior U.S. State Department official -- authorized to brief reporters without attribution because of diplomatic sensitivities -- said the situation remains "difficult." "There's opposition both in Turkey and in Armenia," the senior official said Thursday, "but both governments realize ultimately it's in their interest to have normalized relations and an open border after years of tension and the economic isolation, particularly of Armenia."U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will attend the signing, along with dignitaries from several other countries, including the European Union, according to the Swiss government.
I did not seek this high position, and I didn't take any steps to achieve it," Van Rompuy said in accepting the job. "The people of Europe are getting no say, not even through their parliamentarians.CNN Political Contributor Robin Oakley contributed to this report.
They served their country, and they've been through a lot, and so have the family members," she told CNN. "And that's not enough, and they are able to keep coming in and breaking into your house. "I think that what happened was done to protect the soldiers, to keep our soldiers safe from getting harmed or killed," Johana Mayo said.
I can't describe it."Napier said two sheriff's deputies were at the scene and McCroskey was ticketed for driving without a license.CNN's Gary Tuchman and Susan Chun contributed to this report.
Featuring black straps with silver buckles and zippers, the jacket came to symbolize Jackson's "Bad" era.It just became part of our family," said Renza, who planned to use the money from the auction to pay back student loans.Michael Jackson is looking down and has to be happy," he said after the auction, adding, "We lost an icon."
Afterward, the team said Enke would be laid to rest "in the presence of (his) closest family members."Robert's wife Teresa has expressed the wish to have all his friends and fans of her deceased husband bid farewell to him in the AWD Arena," the statement said. "--CNN's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report.
With as many as 30,000 residents, it has all the trappings of an American metropolis: malls, softball fields, subdivisions and as many as nine schools.And many of these soldiers have been deployed multiple times, so this has put a lot of stress on these soldiers and their families. "CNN's Barbara Starr, Adam Levine, Mike Mount and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report.
The cross-country trip these four characters share resembles "National Lampoon's Vacation" -- if written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.Zombieland" is set in the United States months after a fast-moving virus begins turning most people into flesh-eating zombies.And now, he's got a key role in a zombie film.
The House bill is more expansive -- and hence more expensive -- than the Senate Finance Committee bill.The House bill, projected to guarantee coverage for 96 percent of Americans, will cost more than $1 trillion over the next 10 years, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.CNN's Dana Bash, Brianna Keilar,Ted Barrett and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
David Stinson leaves the courtroom Thursday after being found not guilty in the death of a high school player.That's the thing that people forget.And that's a burden I will carry with me for the rest of my life."
Other well-known companies like Schwinn and Giant are increasing their presence in the e-bike field.Brent Meyers, director of sales for Ultra Motor US, says electric bikes attract different types of buyers.It's like everything you've dreamed your bicycle should do in your wildest dreams -- it's doing it."
Gibbs briefs the White House press corps, usually for about 45 minutes.If I'm wrong, he challenges me.It's awkward," he said.
The U.S. Embassy retained custody of the children Tuesday and they were handed over to three American women who have been trying to escort them out.And I feel like these little babies are just caught up in this international dispute, and it's just not fair."CNN's Gary Tuchman and Ismael Estrada contributed to this report.
Robbie Russell netted the vital spot kick after Real Salt Lake goalkeeper Nick Rimando made two saves and MLS Most Valuable Player, and LA Galaxy captain, Langdon Donovan sent his shot sailing over the crossbar.Anytime you reach a certain part of the season, whether it's being in a cup final or winning leagues, it's always special," Beckham said. "Being involved in finals never gets old."
Beckham, who returns to Milan in January as he bids to win a place in England's World Cup squad, believes this season's achievements have already gone some way for making up for the previous two seasons. "We want to win next week but reaching it is the biggest thing," he told the UK Press Association. "We've done that, done the hard work and this team deserves it."
Watch video of tour bus crash site The cause of the accident was not immediately known, he said.Investigators talked with some passengers, he said, but had not yet talked with the driver.CNN affiliate KAAL reported the bus was returning to Rochester, Minnesota, from a trip to a casino in Northwood, Iowa.
To get the discount, SkyRoll requires customers to e-mail the company a layoff notice.On some packages, Intrepid Travel is giving a 15 percent discount to people who've recently been let go.Shows said he plans to take photojournalism classes at a local community college this spring.
The leftist president said that during the campaign, some opponents accused him of receiving money from leftist Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, from drug cartels and from the FARC. "They just don't know what else to say," Correa said. "It is up to you to decide who to believe: the same people as usual or those who endanger their lives to save the country."
Each branch of the armed services was given a direct opportunity to tell Obama the effect on the military if a large number of additional forces are sent to Afghanistan, two military sources told CNN's Barbara Starr.The result left Karzai short of the 50 percent needed to avoid a runoff.After a flurry of meetings with U.S. and U.N. officials, the Afghan president agreed to the runoff.
There's a hard-core group, there was and probably still is, of fanatical fans who see him as a deity," Ray Chandler told CNN's Larry King. "Some of them will go to any lengths that, you know, there's some who will just go as far as threatening, there's some who will go -- who will be violent, and you know, you never know how far it is going to go."Ray Chandler has not responded to calls from CNN for comment about his brother's death.
Upon completion of the investigation, the Cuyahoga County Prosecutor's Office working with the Cleveland Police Department will present evidence to the grand jury seeking the death penalty for these heinous murders committed by Sowell."Both women were from Cleveland.CNN's Susan Candiotti, Edmund Demarche and Ross Levitt and CNN Radio's Brendan Gage contributed to this report.
This has been one of the major emphases of Hawass since he became head of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in 2002.Egypt took similar steps against museums in England and Belgium in the past.Those ties were restored after the artifacts in question were returned, Hawass said.
One area in which he has taken a definite line is on his policy towards neighboring Zimbabwe, publicly opposing the government of President Robert Mugabe and declaring it illegitimate.A general election is set for October 2009, with the BDP expected to win.No other political party has held power in Botswana and some commentators fear the emergence of a political dynasty that would affect Botswana's democracy.
On Saturday, his much-anticipated showdown with world 200m freestyle champion Paul Biedermann never eventuated as he finished 12th in the heats, while the supersuit-clad German set a new record in the final and also smashed Grant Hackett's seven-year-old milestone in the 400m freestyle.Among the women's records to be broken, Australia's Liesel Jones followed up her two gold medals from the Beijing Olympics by setting a new mark on each day.The 24-year-old won the 200m breaststroke on Sunday in a time of 2:15.42, shaving more than a second off the previous record, while the day before she topped her own leading time in the 100m breaststroke.
At the time, it was reported that Mason suffered from bipolar disorder and was not taking her prescribed medications, police said.A man described as her boyfriend -- Sowell -- told police the same story.CNN's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report.
The medical examiner's office confirmed the report.We always have been private people, and having all this play out in the media has taken a big toll on our health," the couple wrote in response to questions posed by reporters. "We feel stunned, betrayed, angry, sickened, devastated," they said, and were only able to draw strength and consolation "from each other and from the knowledge that we did nothing wrong."
He hopes they will not try to solve the problem by themselves, but realize that sometimes it is too tough to do on their own and they should seek help, as he did."Reynolds was an Academy Award nominee and Golden Globe winner for his role as a porn producer in the 1997 hit movie "Boogie Nights."His film career, which started in 1961, also included starring roles in the classic movies "Deliverance," "Smokey and the Bandit" and "Cannonball Run."
Kelley's previous books have chronicled the Bush family political dynasty, the British royal family, Frank Sinatra, Elizabeth Taylor, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and Nancy Reagan.Winfrey's Harpo Productions had little to say about the book. "Oprah hasn't participated in or read Kitty Kelley's book, so she is unable to comment," said Winfrey spokeswoman Lisa Halliday.
Gertrude Baines said she attributed her longevity to not drinking or smoking.The smooth skin on Baines' face belied her 115 years, but she didn't attribute that to any anti-wrinkle cream or miracle product, according to her best friend, Lucille Fayall.She said Baines simply washed her face in cold water.
Faleh Hassan Almaleki was last seen in a gray or silver Jeep Grand Cherokee, police said.No further details were immediately available.Peoria is about 13 miles northwest of Phoenix.
Garcia ordered his foreign minister and justice department to hand over all details of the investigation so Chile could "give the corresponding explanations," he said in a televised address.Both countries said they would work to heal relations after the general's comments.Journalist Gisu Guerra contributed to this report.
Self-help author James Arthur Ray has hired investigators to investigate two deaths at an Arizona sweat lodge.Police are also investigating the incident at the central Arizona resort, located in a secluded valley 20 minutes from Sedona.CNN's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report.
It's important to open up Cuba, but it should be done systematically," Hakim told CNN. "He did tell the senators, though, the Obama administration is reviewing its policies toward Cuba.CNN State Department Producer Elise Labott contributed to this report.
At just 19 years old, she is one of the most successful recording artists of the decade in the United States.But she refused to be drawn on her thoughts about Kanye West, who cut her off as she accepted the award for Best Female Song at the MTV Music Video Awards ceremony. "I just haven't really changed my mind and that I don't like to talk about it," she said.
The U.S. military released this photo of the blast near a voter registration site.Those who ordered and executed this attack cannot escape the revenge of Afghans and God's punishment."Journalist Farhad Peikar contributed to this report.
The Supreme Court unanimously gave police broader powers to search for and seize evidence. "The ruling means Moore's original jury conviction and 3-½ year prison term will stand.E-mail to a friend
We need to get to our children," she said. "President Obama's concern over the killing didn't provide additional comfort to the family, "but I'm glad that it's out there so everyone can see it and they know that, yes, this is happening," Braxton said. "This is going to take community involvement, it's going to take parental involvement, it's going to take the involvement of everyone to address what is obviously a sad and shocking problem."
And while the German-born fashion designer has been the creative force behind fashion house Chanel for more than a quarter of a century, he's still thriving on new ideas, designs and what the future may hold. "I think it's very healthy, it makes you better."Watch the full Talk Asia show with Karl Lagerfeld on CNN from Wednesday, December 23.
The attacker detonated his car in front of the main gate at Khosa's house, said Hassan Iqbal, a senior government official.About 20 shops in the market were left in heaps of rubble.Journalist Umar Aziz Khan contributed to this report.
A McDonald's Big Mac hamburger currently sells for the equivalent of $5.29, making Iceland one of the most expensive places in the world to buy the sandwich.Only Norway and Switzerland charge more, according to the countries listed on the Economist magazine's Big Mac Index, published in February.A Big Mac costs about $3.54 in the United States, $2.19 in Australia, $5.07 in Denmark, $1.66 in South Africa, and $1.52 in Malaysia.
Troy Dale West Jr, of Poulan, Georgia, is being held without bond on new felony charges.It was completely offensive, completely unprovoked," Jones said.Morrow is a racially diverse city in the southeast suburbs of Atlanta, Georgia, with a population of about 4,900, according to the 2000 census.
But a review of your correspondence raises a few red flags.E-mail him at celliott@ngs.org.Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT, DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES, INC.
A U.S. soldier wears protection against chemical weapons during the Gulf War in a February 1991 photo.Noting that overall funding for research into Gulf War illness has declined dramatically since 2001, it calls for a "renewed federal research commitment" to "identify effective treatments for Gulf War illness and address other priority Gulf War health issues."Specifically, the report calls for at least $60 million in new annual federal funding on research committed to improving the health of Gulf War veterans.
The suspects identified each other for police in photo lineups, the complaint says.We are not making this up," he said. "It is sick, but in the Holocaust they did use skin for lamps."
There was a wedding scene where she got drunk, gave a toast and ended up kicking the cake over.They're more inclined to offer a witticism or a barb than to give you sweet advice.Maybe it's become, play a drunk grandmother and you get to work past the age of 60."
Ranch worker Noel Galvan was the second victim, Block said.Watch Dr. Gonzalez's son talk about his father » Gonzalez's wife and small child were found unharmed inside the home, Faircloth said.CNN's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report.
But Mildred Muhammad believes she was the ultimate target of her ex-husband, John Allan Muhammad, the man dubbed the "D.C. Sniper."During two lengthy trials -- including one featuring testimony from young accomplice Lee Boyd Malvo -- and in several years of legal appeals, John Muhammad has continued to profess his innocence.I'm praying for myself, for my son, and also for the families of the victims," Williams said.
Christmas albums don't sell," and things like that.Those two are my favorites.She cracks up.)
This is the little toe in the edge of the water.It is composed of 16 health care experts, none of whom are oncologists, though a team of cancer experts presented its findings to the group.CNN's Danielle Dellorto and Gloria Borger contributed to this report.
The storm regained hurricane intensity overnight Saturday, becoming a Category 2 hurricane, but forecasters said it is expected to weaken as it moves north.But the storm was expected to weaken on Monday and possibly begin losing tropical characteristics on Tuesday, the hurricane center said.CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras and journalist Merlin Delcid in El Salvador contributed to this report.
The decision to bring Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, admitted mastermind of the September 11, 2001, attacks, and four other suspects to a New York courtroom, rather than a military tribunal, was described in stark contrasts Sunday by officials on opposing sides of the political spectrum.Military tribunals are "a better choice for the government," Giuliani said on "Fox News Sunday." "The trial would be open to the public, although some portions that deal with classified information may be closed, Holder said.
And it has international reach via the Internet, allowing people to get messages to relatives all over the world. "He was listening to "You Are Not Alone" by Michael Jackson.A small Port-au-Prince radio station stays on air after the January 12 earthquake, helping people coordinate aid distribution.
The victims of the virus were a 17-year-old Nigerian female and a Sudanese man, an Indian man and a Moroccan woman who each were 75 years old. "This year, the hajj begins Wednesday, and many pilgrims have been arriving days and weeks ahead of the event, which coincides with flu season.But Tamiflu is only effective in the first 48 hours of when the symptoms appear," he said.
The German media reaction to the death of a man many tipped to represent the country at the 2010 World Cup, has been one of shock.Enke's former team-mate Nuno Gomes added: "I remember how he was just a young kid when he came here but, from day one, he made a great effort to learn our language and did it very quickly. "He was a young kid with a huge desire to reach his goals and learn, a man with a capital M."
In a statement on their official Web site the ministry added that Semenya had been found innocent of any wrongdoing but the widely anticipated results of gender tests conducted would not be made public. "The controversy over Semenya erupted after she crushed her rivals in the 800 meters and secured victory in one minute, 55.45 seconds -- the best women's time in the world this year.Semenya's masculine build and dominant performance fueled existing questions about her gender, and the IAAF -- which oversees the sport worldwide -- ordered tests to be carried out.
The answer to that question, the Grammy-winning singer said, "came in the form of our fourth child and second daughter. "Lou Sulola Samuel was born, and from the moment she looked into both of our eyes, it was endless love at first sight.She is beautiful beyond words, and we are happy that she chose us to watch her grow over the coming years," he said.
And in October, he told The New York Times, "We've been very caring, very supportive, very generous over these 20-something years.Nathan will not be going back to the hospital and will die at home, Bond said.She can't afford a part-time nurse to help take care of him in his last days, but said she hopes the church lives up to its word.
People walk in the flooded streets of Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, last week.The flooding in Burkina Faso is the worst in 90 years, WFP said.The harvest this year will be more bountiful, he said.
Jennifer and her brother, Gian Carlos, were escorted to the Phillies' clubhouse.Mom, I got the ball!"Or, if you're going to take it away, at least ask a parent first.
Sen. John Ensign of Nevada is considered a rising star in the Republican Party.The senator's office also released a statement from Ensign's wife, saying, "Since we found out last year, we have worked through the situation and we have come to a reconciliation.CNN's Ted Barrett contributed to this report.
But these days, the prices are what is taking people's breath away -- a modest apartment here now can go for $30 million.They come to Hong Kong because Hong Kong was always the first window on the world for luxury goods for the Chinese," Guten said, adding that the purchase of "genuine" luxury goods -- rather than the fakes that proliferate the mainland -- is actually cheaper in Hong Kong because of lack of sales taxes or tariffs.CNN's Andrew Stevens and Eunice Yoon contributed to this report.
Meleanie Hain was found shot dead in her home along with her husband Thursday.During the incident, police told neighbor Ann DiJohnson to avoid rooms with windows in fear of a possible shootout. "And sadly ironic."
Thomas convicted him of lesser charges, he testified, and sentenced him to a 90-day boot camp.The second indictment was returned in August.CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
Kate Gosselin said she was "saddened and confused by Jon's public media statements." "She said her estranged husband only changed his mind about their eight children's involvement after TLC "announced the name change of the show and indicated that Jon would have a lesser role in the show." "Their parents have rotated in and out of the home during their time with them.
That is a tactical and strategic mistake," he said. "To broadcast that for the sake of politics, to me, that is very wrong."Wolf paused at the end of the conversation and said simply: "We have to remember 9/11."
The trial of American college student Amanda Knox, 22, resumes Monday, September 14.She said she was visiting her then-boyfriend, Sollecito, at his home, where the two watched a movie, smoked marijuana, had sex and went to bed.He is appealing his conviction.
One option would be to switch to a majority-based system in which 51 votes can end debate.Even the sacrosanct filibuster underwent an overhaul in 1975: The Senate lowered the number of required to end a filibuster from two-thirds of the Senate, 67; to three-fifths, 60.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer.
Fed a diet of human trash, it is thought that every year tens of thousands of albatross chicks die on Midway from starvation, toxicity and choking.Jordan has examined the environmental effects of consumer society in his previous work.Pieces in his "Running the Numbers" exhibition, use digitally manipulated drinks cans and plastic waste from the Pacific gyre, respectively, to create copies of Hokusai's "Behind the Great Wave off Kanagawa" and Seurat's "Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte".
As she spoke, she hit her head a few times with her right hand and gestured broadly.She said she was at Sollecito's house.He is appealing the verdict.
Police said they knew of no motive for the killing, which took place in the poor neighborhood of Rione Sanita, where Camorra, the name for organized crime in Naples, is strong.The victim was a bank robber, the spokesman said.A police spokesman said Camorra has been blamed for about 60 killings this year in Naples and its surrounding county.
The complaint follows a three-month investigation into Sanford's use of taxpayer money.The ethics case involves civil charges that are punishable by fines, and Sanford can appeal decisions up to the state Supreme Court.For Sanford to be forcibly removed from office, two-thirds of the South Carolina House and and two-thirds of the state Senate must vote to impeach him.
Jones said he saw surveillance video of the incident. "He said he hoped the FBI would ensure "that justice is served."He said his organization hadn't spoken to Hill, but that it planned to reach out to her.
Michael Jackson loved chimpanzees, said Jane Goodall: "They made him smile."Jackson later created the "Heal the World Foundation," which he funded with a series of concerts.The group delivered millions of dollars of relief to children around the world.
The five prisoners had been held since they were arrested during a December 27 protest, according to ILNA.The protests around Ashura were Iran's deadliest clashes since protests broke out last summer after incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claimed more than 62 percent of the vote in national elections.Sadegh Rabbani is a retired science professor at the University of Tehran, according to opposition sites.
Farmer Narin Joshi told us who has lived in the area his whole life. "There was no way I could earn any money here.He says "My family and I are leading very peaceful lives."
You may not have recognized him when he came on as a substitute for Corinthians in a Brazilian Cup match, though.I have had the privilege of interviewing Ronaldo various times, and spent some one-on-one time with him in Italy and France.He will score the odd goal and make the odd highlight, but I don't expect his latest comeback to be a success.
In Nigeria, men burn broken computer equipment to collect reusable metals like copper.If you don't control it, there will be serious contamination and exposure of large populations to heavy metals from e-waste.CNN Business Traveller airs from Wednesday, April 8 at the times below: (ALL TIMES GMT) Wednesday, April 8: 0830, 1730 Saturday, April 10: 0730, 1800 Sunday, April 11: 0430, 1730 Monday, April 12: 0300
William Shatner has a new talk show and has written an autobiography.You must have had a blast doing the show.I had to do it stumbling around, trying to do it as most people do themselves.
Lot numbers are listed on the outer carton and the bottle, the company said.Consumers with the product should discard it, and they may call the company for a replacement coupon or refund, the company said.More information is at the company's Web site, www.pg.com.
Eli Roth and Brad Pitt star in "Inglourious Basterds."While only parts of "Nation's Pride" are seen in "Inglourious Basterds," Roth said Tarantino will likely include the complete film as a bonus on the DVD. "Inglourious Basterds," starring Brad Pitt, opens across the United States on August 21.
U.S. troops speak to an Iraqi child in Baghdad on Monday.So our plan is to draw down the troops as we've said we're going [to] do."CNN's Scott Spoerry and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report.
Al-Shabaab militants ride through Mogadishu, Somalia, after a religious gathering in September.The United Nations estimates that 60 percent of the people it needs to reach with emergency assistance live in areas controlled by Al-Shabaab. "It does mean that aid may get to certain parts of the country but not others."
Now, there is only mud.With each passing day, the scope of the devastation grows.CNN's Arwa Damon and Ben Adams near Padang, Indonesia; Andy Saputra in Jakarta, Indonesia; and Tricia Escobedo in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report.
We're going to keep on working."Too many Americans have waited too long for this to happen," he said, drawing wild cheers from the crowd. "The president made a promise to come to New Orleans and wanted to fulfill that promise as soon as his schedule allowed," White House spokesman Nicholas Shapiro said.
Once we finally landed, we were taken to the General Hospital in Port-au-Prince with our medical supplies.The airport had one runway and hundreds of planes trying to land.Dean Lorich, Soumitra Eachempati and David L. Helfet.
Chansa Kabwela, the editor of the Post, wanted to highlight the conditions in which women were being forced to give birth during a hospital strike last summer.Journalism advocacy groups believe Banda retaliated against the newspaper because of its frequent criticism of his policies.At least six members of the newspaper's staff have been physically or verbally attacked by leaders of the ruling Movement for Multiparty Democracy since the year began, the Committee to Protect Journalists said.
The terrorists who committed these senseless crimes aim to sow fear among the Iraqi people.We are confident, however, that the Iraqi people will stand fast and work together to build their common future in peace and security," the embassy said.CNN's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report.
Once a stronghold for the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, the Northern Province city of Jaffna was a frequent battleground for the rebels and Sri Lankan government troops until a government offensive last year crushed the Tigers.The peaceful conduct of the first post-conflict national election is of the highest importance for long-term peace and reconciliation in Sri Lanka," he added.CNN's Sara Sidner and Iqbal Athas contributed to this report.
Nagin said he hopes the court decision will "open up the floodgates" for others to file lawsuits against the federal government, including his Louisiana city.He said he intends to file a lawsuit against LSU, which he said has to pay him through the end of his contract, which ends in May. LSU did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment Thursday.CNN's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report.
Michael David Barrett, 48, is accused of surreptitiously videotaping the ESPN reporter through hotel peepholes and posting the videos online.Andrews, 31, is a sideline reporter for ESPN, traveling around the country covering college football games.The criminal complaint said she became aware of the videos in July and that their posting has caused her distress, anxiety and trouble sleeping.
The lock break stopped traffic on the Ohio River about 65 miles northeast of Louisville, Kentucky.A smaller auxiliary lock is 600 feet long and 110 feet wide.The principal commodity passing through Markland is coal, which fuels numerous electric power plants along the Ohio River, and those plants typically stockpile only about a 30-day supply, the council said.
He attended George Washington University and worked for his family's construction company for more than a decade, it says.He and Irene, a St. Louis, Missouri, native, launched their own construction company in 1957 and built several large apartment houses and office buildings.They have two sons and two granddaughters, according to the Web site.
World governing body FIFA said Friday it had decided to suspend the Iraqi Football Association (IFA) because of the Iraqi Olympic Committee's move to disband it.Samir al-Moussawi, a senior member of the Iraqi Olympic Committee, told CNN he was hopeful the issue could be resolved with FIFA in the coming days, and that the Olympic committee had international lawyers working on the issue.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report.
Thaksin fled Bangkok last year while facing trial on corruption charges that he said were politically motivated.Though he has fled the country, he remains a controversial figure in Thailand, and there have been violent clashes in the country between pro and anti-Thaksin groups.CNN's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report.
The referee may only change a decision on realising that it is incorrect or, at his discretion, on the advice of an assistant referee or the fourth official, provided that he has not restarted play or terminated the match."But on the wider issue of cheating, Leighton said: "It is all very well to blame the referees for not spotting it but fundamentally it starts with the players. "I think the players have to think about the game, think about the reputation of the game and their own reputations and say look actually there is a line that we will not cross."
It was done in conjunction with other international donors, with the United Nations," Clinton said. "There's a tremendous desire to help, but we've got to create the mechanisms so that it can be done effectively, and we've got to get the Haitian government's capacity to lead put together," she said.CNN's Jill Dougherty, Mohammed Jamjoom, Elise Labott and Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report.
Meanwhile, world No.7 Elena Dementieva will face fellow Russian Alisa Kleybanova in Sunday's final of the inaugural Malaysian Open as she seeks to win a third title this year.Top seed Dementieva defeated Austria's Sybille Bammer 6-3 6-1 in her semifinal on Saturday, while Kleybanova beat Japan's Ayumi Morita 6-4 6-1.
In a report published Monday, the IAEA expressed concerns about Iran's nuclear program.On October 1, the IAEA proposal "was accepted in principle by all the parties including Iran," Kelly said. "CNN's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report.
One failed attempt to resuscitate the airship content came from the German company Cargolifter AG in the mid 1990s.A giant hangar, one of the world's largest structures, was built in Brand, near Berlin in Germany, for storage and manufacture of these giant craft.Share your views and read others' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum.
Mazen Abdul Jawad talked openly about his sex life on the controversial show.Jawad's lawyer could not be reached for comment.The ministry officials spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity.
Park, who will be a driving force in South Korea's World Cup challenge in South Africa next year, has played 127 times for United, scoring 12 goals. "We are always pleased to secure the future of our star players and Ji-Sung has proved himself to be a fantastic professional as well as an important versatile player in our squad," said manager Alex Ferguson.Park has been rewarded with an improved deal worth a reported $5.9 million per year.
He faces two other trials: in the abduction and disappearance of doctors and nurses at the Hospital Posada and of two soldiers when he was head of the Military College.The three-judge panel in the current trial was scheduled to hear testimony Wednesday from two groups representing Argentineans who were victims of the Dirty War.Trial will resume February 25 with the first defense testimony, the Center for Judicial Information said.
Buddhism has gained momentum in the United States over the past 25 years, becoming the third most popular religion in America behind Christianity and Judaism, according to the 2008 report from the the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life.But he's got a lot to be thankful for: His daughters, his grandchildren -- and meditation, he said. "I finally feel at peace."
It suits him.It's the latter that led to his decision to hang up his mic and his Stetson in 2000. "As long as my gift is here, as long as I open my mouth and it works," he said, "then I think my job is to keep doing it, you know?"
Police said UNC student body President Eve Carson was taken from her home and killed.Applications filed for search warrants said a confidential informant told police that Atwater said he and Lovette entered Carson's home through an open door and forced her to accompany them in her car.She was a recipient of the university's prestigious Morehead Scholarship and a member of the Phi Beta Kappa honor society, according to UNC.
They were unsure when he would be released.Authorities have not identified a motive in the attack at Fort Hood's military processing center, where soldiers report before they head to war.Obama and first lady Michelle Obama will attend a Tuesday memorial service for the victims.
After the inspection, but before the end of the month, Iranian officials are expected to meet with the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States -- plus Germany to further discuss Tehran's nuclear program.Iran's leaders maintain that their nation's nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes, but many in the West believe Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons capabilities.Low-enriched nuclear fuel can be further enriched into weapons-grade material.
He was warning his crew about snakes, water from recent rains and nonsocialized dogs.It's for the dogs."They'll have to be put down.
Their promise is always the same -- to reduce your credit card debt to just pennies on the dollar without making you file for bankruptcy!Keep in mind that not everyone will be eligible to participate in Call to Action.Visit NFCC.org or call 800-388-2227 for more details to see if you qualify.
In video that's been aired repeatedly on local, national, and international TV, Senk is seen leaning out the window and handing the boy to Cretan.Senk couldn't fit through the window.You get to save lives every day," he said.
The United States received the most asylum applications -- 23,700, or 13 percent -- while 38 European nations received 75 percent of the applications. "These statistics show that ongoing violence and instability in some parts of the world force increasing numbers of people to flee and seek protection in safe countries," said Antonio Guterres, the U.N. high commissioner for refugees. "There is an acute need for countries to keep their asylum doors wide open to those who are in genuine need of international protection," he said.
But, the defence ministry disputes that. "It is important to remember that our first priority at the end of such attacks is to protect our personnel from further threats," the ministry said.CNN's Atika Shubert and Per Nyberg contributed to this report.
Theron saw the film as an opportunity to move away from the lighter roles that are often thrown in the direction of a starlet with looks to spare. "The work I've been doing the last couple of years is not really what I wanted.I do think that it's in our hands to make sure we keep working with the right people who want to go and explore those themes and want to push the envelope and want to tell great female stories."
Younis Khan's future as Pakistan captain is in doubt following accusations of match-fixing.Akhtar, once Pakistan's most feared weapon, has constantly clashed with the PCB, which banned him for hitting a teammate with a bat in 2007 and threatened him with court action following a public feud which ended with a five-year suspension that he successfully appealed.The PCB also punished him for testing positive for the performance-enhancing drug nandrolone in 2006, while fellow fast bowler Mohammad Asif was arrested in Dubai for possession of illegal drugs last year.
Deputy Interior Minister Gen. Mohammed Bin Abdullah al-Qawsi told Almotamar, the newspaper of the ruling party, Friday that "his car came under intensive fire shots in an attempt to assassinate him."There are many reasons why this happened, and they were expected," the source said. "CNN's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report.
Chander Majhi's son was born with his heart outside his chest and faces complex surgery.Surgeons may now plan a total circulatory arrest procedure that will also involve creating a home for the heart in the chest, said Bisoi.The heart was then slowly eased inside.
This peace process cannot only be relaunched by one party.For this matter, mechanisms and a framework exist.Journalist Claire Boube contributed to this report.
The Security Cabinet voted 11-2 in favor of the measure which calls for a 10-month freeze on new building permits and the construction of new residential buildings in the West Bank.It has historically been used by prime ministers to approve quick action on defense and diplomatic matters.CNN's Michael Zippori and Kevin Flower contributed to this report.
The laws of most states forbid any hint or suggestion that moderate alcohol use might confer health benefits.Sellers of dietary supplements are not required to prove that their remedies work.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum.
Today, the federal government is simply trying to do too much.It was Thomas Jefferson who called for "a wise and frugal government which shall leave men free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned."Thank you very much.
The association, which surveyed 1,350 American households, projects that 38.4 million Americans will travel over the holiday weekend, up from 37.8 million last year.I know what it's like going through the airport," she said.Plus, she added, "Everything I love is here."
Without manager Sam Allardyce who is to undergo a heart operation, Blackburn went in front through a David Dunn curled effort before a mix-up with his goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen saw Bolton's Sam Ricketts head into his own net.In the late kickoff, Portmouth stayed bottom after losing 1-0 at Stoke, who grabbed a 74th minute winner through Ricardo Fuller after great work by winger Matthew Etherington.Pompey, who lost England goalkeeper David James to injury in the warm up, missed an eighth-minute penalty through Kevin-Prince Boateng and had chances to secure at least a point at the Britannia Stadium.
Train corridors in the program include: • San Diego - Los Angeles - San Luis Obispo in California • Oakland - Sacramento in California • Portland - Eugene in Oregon • Seattle - Portland in Washington and Oregon • Chicago - St. Louis in Illinois and Missouri • St. Louis and Kansas City in Missouri • Minneapolis/St.Paul - Madison in Minnesota and Wisconsin • Madison - Milwaukee in Wisconsin • Milwaukee - Chicago in Wisconsin and Illinois • Cleveland - Columbus - Cincinnati in Ohio • Detroit/Pontiac - Chicago in Michigan, Indiana and Illinois • Tampa - Orlando in Florida • Raleigh - Charlotte in North Carolina • Washington - Richmond in District of Columbia and Virginia • Raleigh - Richmond in North Carolina and Virginia • New York - Albany-Buffalo in New York • New York - Montreal in New York and Quebec, Canada. •Boston - New York - Washington in Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Maryland, New York, and District of Columbia • Brunswick - Portland in Maine • Philadelphia - Harrisburg - Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania • Springfield - East Northfield in Massachusetts • New Haven - Springfield in Connecticut and Massachusetts
After Obama's win, Spanish newspaper El Pais published a cartoon showing the president as a black peace dove.Aaronmagner from Australia wrote: "Filled with happiness and hope by Obama's Nobel peace prize."Spain's leading newspaper El Pais published a cartoon by political cartoonist Forges depicting President Obama as a black peace dove holding an olive branch.
It was the ninth meeting of the president's war council to consider whether to send more troops to Afghanistan, as requested by the U.S. commander on the ground there.Petraeus emphasized the need to focus on the mission of ensuring that Afghanistan "does not once again become a sanctuary or safe haven for al Qaeda and the kind of transnational extremists that carried out the 9/11 attacks."This won't be perfect or easy, but it will allow America's fighting men and women to leave Afghanistan with honor, and it will enable Afghans to build a better, more peaceful future," said a letter to Obama from 10 Republican senators sent on Veteran's Day.
As for me, the silence and the emptiness is so great that I look and do not see, listen and do not hear," Mother Teresa told the Rev. Michael Van Der Peet in 1979, expressing her concern about decades seemingly going by without her prayers being answered.The prayer workshop was life-changing, said pastor Jeremy Johnson of Arcade Church in Sacramento, California.It's a personal thing and very real beyond the walls of church."
Tuesday's program focused largely on the work of Lantos, who co-founded the Congressional Human Rights Caucus about 20 years ago.On Saturday he is to spend the morning teaching on "The Heart of Change: Finding Wisdom in the Modern World," an event organized by the Conservancy for Tibetan Art and Culture.He then is slated to return to India before traveling to Japan, Australia and New Zealand.
The controversial match, that was played on Wednesday, has caused a diplomatic storm after French forward Thierry Henry admitted to illegally using his hand to set-up the goal that gave his team a 2-1 aggregate victory to seal qualification to the tournament.Video replays showed Henry used his hand to stop the ball going out of play in extra-time, before he passed to William Gallas who booked his nation's place with a headed goal.The draw for next year's finals is due to be made in Cape Town on December 4.
He was 4 years old.He realized his role when he put his shirt on.He was well-behaved and always appreciated the significance of his role."
If you listen to the democratic voices of Iranians and leaders of Iran's Green Movement there is a unanimous view that Ahmadinejad's policies have severely undermined Iranian national interests and he has inadvertently better served the interests of Israel.The pro-democracy movement in Iran today unanimously believes that he enjoys his current position because he was "reappointed" president after stealing several million votes in June 12 presidential election.This article was translated by Nader Hashemi, Assistant Professor of Middle East and Islamic Politics at the Josef Korbel School of International Studies, University of Denver.
Then, Nkepile Mabuse catches up with a World Cup legend spreading football excitement in South Africa.He shared with us, some of his pictures -- and the stories behind them.Alina Cho talked to the singer about efforts to help other orphans in Malawi.
In August, Dutch authorities placed Dekker under state care for two months, following her parents' refusal to prevent her from undertaking the potentially dangerous voyage.Dekker is seeking to become the youngest person to sail solo around the world.The current record holder is 17-year-old British teenager Mike Perham who completed his nine-month voyage in August.
When she talks in front of a crowd, she can move mountains.Nominations are open at CNN.com/Heroes "Seeing the country and being able to make a difference really opened my eyes to a lot of things," he says. "Check out Students Helping Honduras and see how to help.
Stacy McBride-Irby, creator of the new Barbie, poses with the dolls.iReport.com: Samuel shares her thoughts on the new Barbie The dolls were created by Stacy McBride-Irby, an African-American who watched her daughter play with dolls and wanted to create a doll that looked more like her.This makes us question the integrity of our beauty standard for ourselves."
We need a lot more of that and a lot less abstract stuff."Video: Watch Grandin's talk at the TED Conference One of her biggest real-world accomplishments, she said, was when a mother recently told her that her autistic child had gone to college because of Grandin's inspiration.Grandin's life also is the subject of a new HBO film, in which she's played by actress Claire Danes.
In April and May, he downloaded pornographic videos to a personal laptop and an iPod and attempted to download child pornography, the military said.Bickerstaff is with Charlie Company, 1-16th Infantry Battalion, 787th Combat Service Support Battalion, 507th Corps Support Group, at Al Asad Air Base.E-mail to a friend
The officers -- not only did they not check the IDs of those students or men sitting outside of of our campus, but the security officers who are employed here did no job of checking either."Claims of depraved acts by a few kids have served to demonize an entire student community.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ron Astor.
Police found the 7-year-old covered in dried blood in the family van the morning of October 27, 2008, in a secluded area near a pond east of Littleton.Do you know where you're injured at?"Kehoe faces life in prison without parole if convicted of first-degree murder for her son's death.
He was arrested on four counts of murder and one count of aggravated assault.Gwinnett County is northeast of Atlanta. --CNN's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report.
Obviously, in a situation like this, we certainly want to look at how the parachutes were packed," he said. "The San Joaquin County Sheriff's Office received a 911 call for assistance at 12:53 p.m. Sunday, said Deputy Les Garcia.We've been open for a long time," he said.
He said the projectile was the reason for a "duck-and-cover" alarm that journalists traveling with Biden heard during a briefing by top U.S. officials in Baghdad.Odierno and Hill did not seem concerned, he said.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report.
In the handwritten letter dated January 12, Abdul Hakim Muhammad said he did not want a trial and insisted the shooting was "justified" under jihad. "Muhammad, formerly known as Carlos Bledsoe, is charged with killing Pvt.CNN's Charley Keyes contributed to this report.
It was in good shape.Of course, now there will be a process of validating that."The Chilean government has declared three days of mourning.
I've known him so long, I just can't picture him doing something like this."I've known him to be outgoing, happy, athletic, fun.CNN's Eliott C. McLaughlin, Mary Snow, Tom Foreman and Larry King contributed to this report.
Raul Xazziel Ramirez had been visiting his father in Juarez on Friday evening when unknown gunmen fired on their vehicle at a roundabout, spokesman Arturo Sandoval said.According to El Paso County records, Raul was just three weeks shy of his eighth birthday when he was killed.In early 2009, a 3-year-old girl was killed together with her father inside a vehicle that was targeted, Sandoval said.
Each year, hundreds of marine mammals are rescued from situations of distress and rehabilitated by our dedicated team of staff and volunteers, led by our veterinarian.Animals that people are privileged to see in professional zoos, aquariums and similar institutions are vital to engagement, inspiration and conservation.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. John Nightingale.
The collider achieved its first full-circle beam last year on September 10 amid much celebration.Now that a beam is circulating, the next step is low-energy collisions, which should begin in about a week, CERN said.CNN's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said 43 states now have widespread flu activity, compared with 46 states last week and 48 states at the beginning of November. "We believe the estimates we provided last week give a better picture of the full toll that the virus has taken in the first six months of the pandemic," she said.Tamiflu doesn't cure the flu, but can reduce symptom severity and duration of illness by about a day if taken within the first day or two of getting sick.
We're very grateful for their efforts," Fennell said of the Peruvian government. "He denied reports of preferential treatment for foreigners, saying 103 of 475 tourists evacuated Tuesday were Peruvian.CNN's Claudia Rebaza and Mark Bixler contributed to this report.
The first woman to lead a Fortune 500 company made the announcement at an event in conservative Orange County, pledging that her focus will be on "economic recovery and fiscal accountability" "The decisions made in Washington impact every family and every business, of any size, in America.Still, NRSC Chairman John Cornyn pointed to Fiorina in September as an example of a "strong female candidate" running as a Republican in 2010.Given that record, the United States Senate is the last place Carly Fiorina should go next."
Kerik admitted to eight counts as part of a plea agreement with federal prosecutors, who are recommending a 27- to 33-month prison term.Kerik put his head in his hands at that point.CNN's Mary Snow and Julian Cummings contributed to this report.
Data collected during the experiment will provide insight into the formation, evolution, and properties of noctilucent clouds, which are typically observed naturally at high latitudes. "In addition to the understanding of noctilucent clouds, scientists will use the experiment to validate and develop simulation models that predict the distribution of dust particles from rocket motors in the upper atmosphere," the NASA statement said.CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report.
McCarthy also said that not all Chinese drywall may be alike.The next step is to determine how to identify homes with the corrosive materials and how to fix them, said Scott Wolfson, the product safety agency's director of information and public affairs, who noted that the investigation is the largest in the agency's history.CNN's Rich Phillips contributed to this story from Miami, Florida.
We have spent three months without any food supplies from government nor from any food relief or humanitarian agency," Congolese refugee leader Serugendo Sekalinda said by telephone.Delegates to the poorly attended summit also pledged to aid refugees and IDPs by training them in vocational skills so they could find work during and after their forced displacement.Journalist Samson Ntale in Kampala, Uganda, contributed to this report
The agriculture institute at the university was named after him in 2006.Borlaug also created the World Food Prize, which recognized the work of scientists and humanitarians who have helped fight world hunger through advanced agriculture, the university said.A memorial service will be held at the university at a later date.
Briton Meredith Kercher was found dead in her Perugia apartment last November.But Lyle Kercher, a second brother, said that "pleased" wasn't the right word for the family's feelings, noting that his sister was murdered. "CNN's Hada Messia contributed to this report.
The U.S. citizens were taken from the town of Sargodha, where they were arrested at a home on Wednesday, to Lahore.Authorities have said Khalid Farouk has not been considered a suspect.CNN's Nasir Habib contributed to this report.
The police offered "a further unreserved apology" for the death of de Menezes in 2005, plus an undisclosed compensation package, the police and the de Menezes family said in a joint statement. "The shooting was one of several issues that led to the resignation last year of Police Commissioner Ian Blair.CNN's Melissa Gray in London contributed to this report.
Some are talented, some are not, and most aren't performing for a cause greater than themselves.There has been little research on the illness, of which there are about 650 new cases in the United States each year.It gives her someone to aspire to, someone to be inspired by," she said.
Drew Olanoff wants to benefit the LiveStrong charity because of the support the foundation has given him.There are obviously going to be skeptics, but Drew Carey is new to Twitter.One in the running is @TheOtherDrew, but no word on how much that one could go for.
The challenge is to ensure old people stay as fit as Brisbane centenarian Ruth Frith, seen competing at shot put during World Masters Games in Sydney this month.Our work is driven by the concept of 50 more years after 50 -- that is, making our second 50 years of life as healthy, comfortable and active as our first, so we can enjoy a higher quality of life," explains Professor John Fisher, who is an expert in artificial joints and tissue regeneration. "Click here to send us your comments and we will try to use as many as possible in tonight's show.
There's an absolute foundation of truth -- almost scary truth -- to the things Adam says, the things Ari does, all that kind of stuff.There's this one thing that happens that will really stand out and that people will talk about.So some fun, exciting stuff to look forward to.
He's going to debate the opposition.Jones is a co-founder of colorofchange.org, a group that recently has been pressing advertisers to boycott Beck's program after Beck called Obama a racist.CNN's Martina Stewart contributed to this report.
Watch hints of a possible motive » Harrison said he last saw his client on Friday, as he was not required to appear with him to hear the charges read.Police suspect he acted alone, according to a statement from the Glynn County Police Department.CNN's Ashley Hayes, Sean Callebs and Chris Youd contributed to this report
I'm getting shivery now cause you're talking about some strangling stuff.It also said Chaunte Ott, who was convicted of killing Payne, served 13 years in prison before being released in January, after DNA analysis showed semen found on the girl's body was not his.CNN's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report.
It is nice to speak to you.Collett read a message to the captors, asking them to release his sister and her husband to show "your compassionate nature."Eight people were wounded, four were killed and one is missing, the bureau said.
The third, and most important one, is income, Velshi said. "You can live without a 401(k).They're becoming slightly less timid, but we're still deep in the rehabilitation phase."
Joe Jackson, the 80-year-old Jackson family patriarch, was not named in Michael Jackson's 2002 will, which left his wealth to his mother, Katherine Jackson, his three children and undisclosed charities.Four of Michael Jackson's brothers -- all except Randy Jackson -- are involved in the show "as they prepare for a Jackson Five reunion, while also coming to terms with Michael's tragic loss," the network said.An A&E programming executive said the "deeply intimate portrait will provide viewers with a raw and honest look inside a musical dynasty."
This theme of vampires in 'Twilight' combines a mixture of excesses," he continued, "that, as ever, is aimed at young people and gives a heavy esoteric element."Yet the kids these days appear to dig the "excesses" of "Twilight."Still, only time will tell if "New Moon" will also outsell the current "best opening day" titleholder, "The Dark Knight," which grossed $67.2 million when it opened July 18, 2008.
The Heenes have appeared on the ABC program "Wife Swap."Richard Heene also chases storms, brings his family along and takes videos.TLC, which produces the show "Jon & Kate Plus 8," said the Heenes had "approached us months ago" about a possible show, "and we passed."
Beth McKay says a Louisiana justice of the peace denied her a marriage license since it was an interracial union.McKay later married Terence with the help of another justice of the peace in the same parish.As of 2005, nearly 8.5 Americans are living in interracial marriages.
The Atlanta "Housewives" have been touched by tragedy this season with a loved one's death.We just have to prepare and gear up for next year."Jewell, who died at 34 after a fight outside of an Atlanta strip club on October 3, was buried on October 9.
Joy Behar says Ukranian officials are wrong to try to block Elton John from adopting a 14-month-old boy.This guy's head is stuck in the Dark Ages.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joy Behar.
The mountain is the highest peak in Africa and is a major tourist attraction.U.N. officials warned last month that east Africa is facing mudslides, crop destruction and waterborne diseases as a result of heavy downpour triggered by El Nino weather patterns.Most east African countries have been water-starved in the past few years, exacerbating the results of floods, because a lot of greenery disappeared in the drought.
A lot of "now what do we do?"I think too much "Look at me!TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
But these are not your normal baby pictures.The three suspects said they had bought the baby from a woman and her daughter in Hebei, according to Xinhua.The women had sold 12 other babies to the men, and were arrested, Xinhua said.
South Korean Buddhist monks pray in front of a portrait of former president Kim Dae-jung during his funeral Sunday.The watershed moment of his presidency came in June 2000 when he met North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, becoming the first South Korean leader to do so since the Korean War unofficially ended in 1953.CNN's Jake Perez contributed to this report.
Because he was so popular, and because voters were so ready for a change, there was some thought the country might buy into the notion that good leadership could actually change the ethos of bad government.Sure, distrust of government is as old as government itself.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger.
The 5:30 p.m. lights-out program is one simple step toward helping address the population problem.It also has an added benefit: Amid the global economic downturn the company can slash overtime across the board twice a week. "It's great that we can go home early and not feel ashamed," said employee Miwa Iwasaki.
John Edward Jones, 26, of Stansbury Park was stuck in the Nutty Putty Cave, which sits west of Utah Lake near Cedar Valley, according to the sheriff's office of Utah County.They had him to a level spot where he wasn't heading downhill with his head below his feet," Cannon said. "Up to 5,000 people visit each year, the site said.
The United States is ready to respond to the requests that the government of Chile has made so we can provide not only solidarity but specific supplies that are needed to help you recover from the earthquake," Clinton said at a brief news conference with Chilean President Michelle Bachelet. "She congratulated Piñera, a conservative billionaire businessman, on his inauguration.The State Department has "strongly" urged U.S. citizens to avoid tourism and non-essential travel to Chile after the massive earthquake.
Machu Picchu is an ancient city on a mountain in the Andes, standing 8,000 feet (2,430 meters) above sea level in a tropical mountain forest.Known as the "Lost City of the Incas," Machu Picchu attracts tens of thousands of international tourists every year.CNN's Maria Elena Belaunde in Cusco and journalist Claudia Cisneros in Lima contributed to this report.
The England midfielder is not the first high-profile athlete to have dealt with asthma, a respiratory condition that affects people's airways -- the small tubes that carry air in and out of the lungs.Failing to take her medication properly she suffered a life threatening asthma attack at one point.Eventually getting it under control, Joyner-Kersee went onto win three Olympic gold medals at the 1988 and 1992 games in heptathlon and long jump.
Mayor Ray Nagin watches President Obama speak in New Orleans, Louisiana, on Thursday. "He plans to return to New Orleans on Thursday.CNN's David Ariosto contributed to this report.
Roberto Micheletti and his supporters say Honduras underwent a constitutional transfer of power, not a coup.The Millennium Challenge Account is a program started under the Bush administration to reward good governance.CNN en Espanol's Maria Elisa Callejas contributed to this report.
Refugee camps in eastern Chad house about 300,000 people who fled violence in the Darfur region of Sudan.Chad's government believes Sudan is supporting the rebels that moved on Chad's capital of N'Djamena.E-mail to a friend
Germany and Israel are linked "in a very special way" by the memory of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews were killed under Nazi Germany and its allies in World War II, she said in the first address a German chancellor has ever made to the Knesset. "Ahmadinejad has also said Israel should not exist as a sovereign nation, but Merkel said Israel's right to exist is not open to negotiation. "E-mail to a friend
Repairs on the pier continue, said U.S. Coast Guard Lt.The road allows only for one-way traffic, meaning a truck drives to the end of the pier, is loaded with supplies, and then drives out.CNN's Arthur Brice, Susan Candiotti, Jill Dougherty, Eric Marrapodi and Elise Labott contributed to this report.
At a time of fiscal crisis, President Obama in their minds is turning into the biggest spender and taxer in history -- and they believe they must oppose him.Both of those candidates are making major contributions to the governing process.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins.
The signing of the deal is another major step in the embassy's plans to relocate from its longtime headquarters in central London to a new site in Wandsworth, on the south bank of the River Thames.John Adams, who later became U.S. president, lived on the square from 1785 to 1788, when he was the first U.S. minister to the Court of St. James.It is not clear whether the eagle will be considered part of the building's listed status, meaning it will have to stay on the facade, or whether it can be moved to the new location, according to a spokesman for the realty firm Cushman and Wakefield, which advised the United States on the sale.
Prejean was fired in June after lingerie-modeling photos of her emerged that pageant officials said were a breach of her contract.Prejean's tell-all book hits bookstores next week, and she is scheduled for media interviews to promote it.The pageant's countercomplaint said what it called Prejean's belligerent behavior, lack of cooperation and contract breaches caused her firing, not her opposition to same-sex marriage.
A dormitory is trashed after a riot at the California Institution for men, in Chino.The ones that are there are likely in a lockdown mode until an investigation can determine whether or not they were directly responsible for the riot," Kostyrko said.Chino is about 35 miles east of Los Angeles.
A French excavation team was working at the Caribbean Supermarket on Tuesday.The U.S. team brought more radar and lifting devices to try to extract the known survivor and reach any others, said Norman Skjelbreia, an incident commander from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.CNN's Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report.
The Dalai Lama ultimately fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule.Sullivan, who has a master's degree in global governance and diplomacy from The University of Oxford in England, says he plans to live in the tent for at least one month. "They intrigue us.
According to a release by museum curator Gary Mack, Warren was 15 at the time of the assassination, and because students were given the day off for the president's visit, he took his camera to Love Field to watch the arrival of Air Force One. "She funded her "50 in 52 Journey" by draining her 401k -- the entire $31,000 -- and then asking others for donations.They intrigue us.
Watch Obama court working women » The bill, dubbed the Fair Pay Restoration Act, would have rolled back a 2007 Supreme Court ruling that a person who claims pay discrimination must file a complaint within 180 days of that discrimination taking place.We're going to see technology for electric-powered cars that are going to be [made cheaper] with our incentives," McCain said.The GOP convention is set for September 1-4 in Minneapolis and St. Paul, Minnesota.
Pistol-packing soccer mom Meleanie Hain was shot dead while chatting with a friend on a webcam, police said.Meleanie Hain was shot several times with a 9 mm handgun, police said.CNN's Edmund DeMarche and Susan Candiotti contributed to this story
The ethics committee of the commonwealth's medical board said it was launching an investigation into whether those involved should be disciplined.Though the committee has yet to decide on a course of action, some doctors have already suffered consequences, he said. "CNN's Nick Valencia, Benjamin Fernandez and Jennifer Deaton in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report.
Maine is an interesting stage in the health care debate for a number of reasons.Watch CNN's John King preview Sunday's show from a dock in Maine » "I think I'd rather just be left alone," Ray said. "Is he tough enough?"
Usually an orangutan stays for around 7 to 9 years with its mother," Pratje says. "On the ground below, their trainers keep a watchful eye and try to coax them toward fruit trees.So this is the last chance."
The challenge is to ensure old people stay as fit as Brisbane centenarian Ruth Frith, seen competing at shot put during World Masters Games in Sydney this month.Our work is driven by the concept of 50 more years after 50 -- that is, making our second 50 years of life as healthy, comfortable and active as our first, so we can enjoy a higher quality of life," explains Professor John Fisher, who is an expert in artificial joints and tissue regeneration. "Click here to send us your comments and we will try to use as many as possible in tonight's show.
Dave Bego, a business owner in Indianapolis, Indiana, shares Marcus' concern.It would also stiffen federal laws barring employers from intimidating or firing workers who try to bring in a union.CNN's Drew Griffin, Marcus Hooper and Kathleen Johnston contributed to this report.
The Honduran high command, including Gen. Romeo Vasquez Velasquez, the country's top military chief, face charges for bursting into Zelaya's residence and transporting the president to neighboring Costa Rica, Attorney General Luis Rubi said.In another development, the Honduran congress was to take up the issue of amnesty for Zelaya and other players in the crisis next week.Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report.
The woman then called the university public safety office, which alerted local police.The reported rape shocked the Hofstra University community.The university had announced that it was increasing safety patrols on campus, as well as establishing a support hotline for students and parents.
iReport.com: See, share, send images of the explosion The smoke can be toxic for people with breathing conditions and officials have asked nearby residents to stay away, the governor said. "The storage and refinery complex sits near San Juan's bay, and Fortuno said officials are working to protect the water from being affected. "CNN's Jackie Castillo and Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report.
Three Drug Enforcement Administration special agents were among the dead, according to the DEA, which did not identify them.The militants were killed in a firefight when insurgents confronted the joint force.CNN's Carol Cratty and Brooke Baldwin in Washington contributed to this report.
Donald Trump is at the center of a brewing controversy over the Miss Universe finalists.I know the Miss Universe Organization goes to great lengths to establish a preliminary and final panel of judges as well as different factors on which contestants are judged," Schwandt wrote. "However, I'm the last person to be quoted as saying anything in regard to the judging or selecting process, I'm the choreographer, I deal with that."
A team from the Andalucia Geophysics Institut at work in the Federico Garcia Lorca Park, Spain.In a statement earlier this month, Lorca descendants noted the complexity of the issue, because relatives of some others thought to be in the gravesite have requested their removal, identification, and permission to bury their remains in hometown cemeteries.More recently, there have been efforts to try to exhume presumed Franco victims from a mass grave at his large mausoleum site, the Valley of the Fallen, just outside of Madrid, where Franco himself is buried.
Surgeons in New Dehli, India, operate on a 10-day-old baby whose heart was outside his chest.He said he felt indebted to the doctor in his home state as well as the hospital specialists.The Bihar doctor had not only referred the baby to the hospital but also financed the trip.
And some people say he's still doing a fine job at being an up-to-date online communicator.That may give the impression that Obama is losing control of his online base, but it really means more people are conversing online, he said. "I think you're starting to see people actually talking to each other."
The U.N.'s REDD (Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in Developing Countries) program is a collaboration between the U.N.'s Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) and Environmental (UNEP) and Development (UNDP) programs.We should stop focusing on the negatives issues of REDD and start looking at the positives.In the short term, REDD offers use the greatest mitigation potential at an affordable price and is the most cost effective."
A subsidiary of Xe, the new name for Blackwater, is eligible to win Department of Defense work worth tens of millions of dollars to train Afghan police, according to a Pentagon official.And we've tried to address those mistakes in a number of ways," Morrell said. "But as far as I know, people are being held to account for the mistakes and the violations that they have made."
The governor told his aide that the request should include tickets for his son, Alex, and his son's friend.Paterson, who announced last week that he would not run for election to a full term, has faced controversy since news reports charged that his aide was involved in a domestic violence incident with a woman and that state police later allegedly pressured her to keep quiet.The governor testified that he did not pay for his ticket or his son's ticket" for either event, the commission said.
Two George Washington Bridge guards were fired for their on-the-job siestas.Fran Townsend, a CNN contributor and former Bush homeland security adviser, called the guards' naps a serious lapse. "It is unacceptable, particularly given the experience the Port Authority had with 9/11," she said, referring to the Port Authority's role as the operator of the World Trade Center.
More than 13,000 soldiers and other military personnel have been dispatched to restore order in the earthquake-damaged area.It will be difficult, but we will do our best for our country," said player Fernando Gonzalez.CNN's Brian Byrnes, Sara Sidner, David Ariosto, Elise Labott, and Karl Penhaul contributed to this report.
Thursday morning's quake was followed by more than 15 aftershocks, the largest reaching 4.8.Taiwan's official news agency reported that a fire broke out in Jia Yi city.CNN's Christine Theodorou and Journalist Andrew Lee contributed to this report
Jenson Button GB McLaren Mercedes 2.US F1 have faced a race against time to have their car ready for the grid, after a number of sponsors opted to pull out the project.Luca di Grassi Brz Virgin Racing
Stracener woke up her husband and two children to see the lunar crash.He suggested that next time, NASA might want to be "a little more careful suggesting people should get out of bed at 4:30 in the morning and haul their kids out there."CNN's John D. Sutter contributed to this report.
Lundblad also said the man once had a valid pilot's license. "Why he never renewed it I guess only he knows," he said.CNN's Per Nyberg and Claudia Rebazza contributed to this report.
I'm Harry Reid, a Democrat who is the senior senator from Nevada.I was born in 1939 in Searchlight, Nevada.For CNN Student News, I'm Natisha Lance.
Then I started thinking about it, and I love him when he's a character actor like in "Dazed and Confused" or "Shakespeare in Love," and then I met him, and he just got it.CNN: Where did this idea come from?So I figured I'm one step ahead of it there.
In that case, a Buenos Aires court had ruled that a ban on same-sex marriage was illegal and ordered the proper authorities to grant the couple a marriage license if they applied for one.On the eve of their December 1 wedding, however, another court filed an injunction, halting the nuptials.In many Latin American jurisdictions, the issue of same-sex marriage is decided on the local and state level.
The 43-minute video, posted on various Islamic radical Web sites Saturday, shows Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi, whom a former U.S. intelligence official identified as the suicide bomber.Later in the video, al-Balawi gives an interview to As-Sahab Media, the production wing of al Qaeda.You can only get a maximum number of kills for a minimum number of martyrs and losses in the ranks of the Mujahedeen with a martyrdom operation," he said.
The soccer game was also being held in Bursa, which centuries ago was the capital of the Ottoman Empire.This round of "football diplomacy," comes just days after the two governments signed a historic series of protocols to establish diplomatic relations between the two neighbors. "Despite that, the headline in one of Turkey's biggest newspapers billed today's football game "Our most challenging match."
Terry is alleged to have had an affair with the ex-partner of his former Chelsea teammate Wayne Bridge, having failed in a high court bid to prevent newspapers publishing details of his liaison with Vanessa Perroncel.It is not the first time that Terry has been the subject of controversy.Last year he was accused by a tabloid paper of accepting money to show fans around Chelsea's training ground, and in 2002 he was cleared by a court after being charged with assault and affray following an incident with a nightclub bouncer.
The answer to a third question will remain unanswered for a while: Will the international community recognize the newly elected leader even though the vote was held under the stewardship of interim President Roberto Micheletti, who came to power after a coup? "The pact said Congress would vote on Zelaya's return to power after consultation with the nation's Supreme Court and other bodies.We have seen an increased level of harassment against those who are seen as opposed to the de facto authorities, and officials responsible for the protection of human rights are not doing anything to investigate the incidents or stop them."
Once upon a time, TLC was The Learning Channel.Too bad it'll never catch on.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Bark.
Distraught residents searched for days for Olten without luck, when the Cole County Sheriff's Department received a tip that led them to the alleged killer.Hours earlier, a judge had ordered the 15-year-old suspect to be held while he decides whether she should be tried in adult court.She had everyone's heart."
I don't like the word failure but not to qualify for the next round would be a huge blow," he added. "This game will be a test of character for my players," Mourinho told reporters after his side's 3-1 win over Bologna on Saturday.They will also welcome back Wesley Sneijder, who has recovered from an ankle injury and will field Samuel Eto'o in attack as he returns to the Camp Nou for the first time since his close season transfer switch between the European powerhouses.
Those planning road trips or plane trips with their children will thank you every time they travel, if you slip a portable DVD player under the tree or next to the Hanukkah Menorah.A GPS would be a welcome gift for any traveling family.Copyright 2009 EILEEN OGINTZ, DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES, INC.
I think Bill may be too big a complication," Plouffe quotes Obama as saying. "If I picked her, my concern is that there would be more than two of us in the relationship."The new book, "The Audacity to Win," hits book stores November 3.
I can't describe it."Police said she invited McCroskey to fly from his northern California home, stay with her in Virginia and then attend the Strictly for the Wicked Festival, a Horrorcore fest in Michigan featuring bands with names like Dismembered Fetus and Phrozen Body Boy.CNN's Gary Tuchman and Susan Chun contributed to this report.
It is with great excitement that I read the press release from the Central Falls Teachers' Union referencing their proposed comprehensive reform agenda," said Central Falls Schools Superintendent Frances Gallo in a news release. "Last week, the school board approved Gallo's plan to discharge 93 people -- classroom teachers, administrators and other personnel -- at the high school.The AFT said Obama's comments "do not reflect the reality on the ground and completely ignore the teachers' significant commitment to working with others to transform this school."
But the young soldier was convinced that he made the right decision, telling his family, "We must have a military, and somebody's got to be in it."However, toward the end of his deployment, the stress of a failing marriage and the shock of war "began to wear on him terribly," Gregg Keesling said.We hope the president of the United States would want to show the appreciation to a family like ours for the sacrifice we made in allowing our son to become a soldier and defend his country."
Barrett will have his first court appearance in Chicago at 10 a.m. (11 a.m. ET) Saturday, authorities said.The maximum penalty for the charge of interstate stalking is five years in federal prison, the FBI said.CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report.
John Travolta's son died of a seizure in January at the age of 16.Travolta said that while he and his wife were riding in the ambulance with their son, they decided to divert to the hospital.At the hospital, Travolta was told his son "wasn't alive," he said.
Of course I'm mad at him.I'm close with his wife -- he's got two lovely children and he's let them down.But when a guy's having a tough time, it's not up to me to beat him with a stick.
He's my furry child," said McCool, a New Orleans piano teacher who named her dog Mozart after her favorite composer. "He has been known to jump on the bench and actually has put his paws on the keys."Schwartz said the grand prize winner will be named on Thanksgiving Day.
I love my life, and want to show people how much fun it can be when you get out there and grab life by the horns.Get out there, live life large, make the world a better place -- and have fun!"Send us an email and tell us who you think deserves to be recognized as a Green Inspiration
Hundreds of people died when the 8.8-magnitude earthquake struck on February 27.A field hospital and two C-130 aircraft to assist with moving supplies around the country have also been deployed.The United States also sent $1 million to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies to aid their efforts.
A Pakistani soldier pictured during operations against militants in June.The attacks show "once again that the militants in Pakistan threaten both Pakistan and the United States," White House Deputy Press Secretary Bill Burton said.On Thursday, President Obama approved an additional $7.5 billion in assistance to Pakistan over the next five years.
Its inaugural commercial flight from Paris' Charles de Gaulle airport to JFK was on November 21.Air France became the fourth airline to operate the superjumbo when it received its first A380 at the end of last month. --CNN's Ayesha Durgahee in London, England, contributed to this report.
Police and firefighters rushed to aid passengers, many of whom were trapped in the lower deck.The number of people missing remained unclear and rescue teams feared the death toll would rise.CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report.
About 530 miners were working in the mine when the blast occurred at about 2:30 a.m. Saturday (1:30 p.m. ET Friday).The Heilongjiang Longmei's Xinxing mine is operated by the Hegang company.A preliminary investigation indicates the blast was a gas explosion, Xinhua reported.
The president held a lengthy meeting with top advisers Monday night, and he told reporters Tuesday that he would announce new plans for Afghanistan after Thanksgiving.But, Gibbs added, "I think the president, throughout this process, has talked about the cost in terms of American lives and in terms of the cost to our treasury, and I think he'll continue to talk about it."CNN's Jill Dougherty, Deirdre Walsh, Elaine Quijano and Mike Mount contributed to this report.
I hurried up."She didn't bring food with her, but Natero-Armento said she ate a piece of apple before she started, and that was the only food in her stomach.When her kidney is strong again, she will be back, running.
Mahmoud al-Mabhouh died in Dubai on January 20, said Izzat al Rishq, a Hamas member based in Syria.Saadon's body was discovered in 1996.CNN's Kevin Flower, Saad Abedine, Caroline Faraj, and Talal Abu Rahma contributed to this report
The interview was emotional for both the teen and the investigators, according to Maria Schneider, a prosecutor with the state attorney's office in Broward County. "The first time he spoke to us was joyous but watching him struggle every single day... "I'm proud of him, I'm very, very proud of him, 'cause I don't think I could do what he's doing."CNN's Rich Phillips contributed to this report.
Afghanistan's opium harvest can be traced right back to some of those trucks.The key now, say law enforcement officials, isn't wiping out the poppies, scanning every truck or locking up the small-time dealers, but rather gathering intelligence that follows and then destroys the lucrative money trail.Britain's Serious Organized Crime Agency says it is now committed to taking a collaborative approach not just with its own national partners, but by working intelligence links through the world.
Enke, 32, died around 6:25 p.m. (12:25 p.m. ET), Hannover police press officer Stefan Wittke said in a statement. "A press conference is due to be held by the DFB at 1130 GMT, while Hannover 96 will speak to the media at 1200 GMT on Wednesday.CNN's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report.
Why not do a simpler thing?"The specific case before the court dealt with tapes showing pit bull dogs attacking other animals and one another in staged confrontations.The case is U.S. vs. Stevens (08-769) and a ruling is expected in several months.
Abdel Samad Rahman Sultan brought up the issue when he met with a representative of Iraq's Hammurabi Organization for Human Rights and with the head of the Kojina Organization for helping displaced persons.A curfew was declared Wednesday in several neighborhoods of eastern Mosul as authorities searched for militants behind the attacks.CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
The agency estimates that more than 15 million barrels of oil are transported through the strait every day.At its narrowest point, the strait is only 1.7 miles wide, which creates a natural bottleneck and makes it vulnerable to terrorist attack.The IFC warned tanker crews to be on the lookout for smaller vehicles -- including dinghies, sampans and speedboats -- which have been used to launch successful attacks on tankers in the past.
Vitter vanished from public view last week after his phone number turned up among those kept by a reputed "D.C. Madam" in records that have become part of her upcoming criminal trial.Larry Flynt's Hustler magazine claimed credit for exposing Vitter's connection to Palfrey, saying he came clean only after a journalist working as a paid consultant for the magazine discovered the senator's number in her phone records.E-mail to a friend
Who knows when I will be out of here," she said.University police called the Milwaukee Police Department for backup, and officers spent an hour rounding up protesters.CNN's Monica Trevino and Dan Simon contributed to this report.
The group said it wanted to target the Ramstein Air Base and other U.S. and Uzbek military and diplomatic installations in Germany, German authorities said.The group also wanted to force Germany to stop using an air base in Uzbekistan as a stopover point for moving equipment and personnel in and out of northern Afghanistan. --CNN's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report.
In addition to those killed, 60 miners remained hospitalized from Saturday's morning blast at the Xinxing coal mine in northeastern Heilongjiang province.State regulations stipulate that miners have to evacuate if gas density exceeds 2 percent.Chinese officials said they will pay at least 250,000 yuan ($36,600) to each of the families of the miners who died.
How many times do our daughters need to be raped before we put these monsters behind bars forever?"I think the death penalty is a very appropriate punishment for this case," Kelly King.His preliminary hearing is scheduled for March 18.
Police and firefighters rushed to aid passengers, many of whom were trapped in the lower deck.The number of people missing remained unclear and rescue teams feared the death toll would rise.CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report.
There were no immediate reports of injuries or deaths but some damage has occurred to buildings and major bridges, and power was cut off near the epicenter.Train service was also disrupted in some areas, Taiwanese media reported.CNN's Christine Theodorou and Journalist Andrew Lee contributed to this report
I congratulate all the people of Iraq who participated in national elections today and over the past three days," she said in a statement. "These included fatal mortar and rocket attacks in various Baghdad neighborhoods.CNN's Arwa Damon, Jomana Karadsheh, Mohammed Tawfeeq and Zain Verjee contributed to this report.
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell would not discuss specific numbers, but he said NATO would be asked for additional help. "The United States is not going to be an outright mediator between Pakistan and India, but we can quietly, behind the scenes, push them to reduce their problems," Burns said.CNN's Elaine Quijano and Mike Mount contributed to this report.
It started as a hobby and turned into a monster," said Joe Wilkins, the motor madman behind what might be the wildest 1939 Ford ever built.We want to be the fastest street legal car in the world," he said.Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
The derailment killed at least 26 people and injured about 100, but there was no immediate word on who or what group might have been behind the action. "About 27,000 passengers on 60 trains were facing delays Saturday as a result of the accident, Russian State TV reported.CNN's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report
The president told China's leaders during his trip last year that he would meet with the Dalai Lama, and he intends to do so," Bill Burton told reporters covering Obama's planned town hall meeting in New Hampshire later Tuesday.We urge the government of China to protect the unique cultural and religious traditions of Tibet," he said.CNN's Jaime Florcruz and Helena Hong contributed to this report.
But the rapid growth of the past six years has slowed recently due to the global slump in property prices.At the moment the only people getting cold feet are the people looking to invest in Dubai.And while that situation continues, many of Dubai's construction projects will remain on ice.
A rare rainstorm inundated pilgrims in the city of Mina, flooding tents and making conditions miserable for the 2.5 million pilgrims performing the ancient rituals, according to Isha Sesay, CNN's correspondent there.Showers through Friday.CNN's Amir Ahmed and Daniela Deane contributed to this report.
It crashed head-on into an SUV carrying three adults.The minivan then careened into a third vehicle before rolling over and bursting into flames, state police said.Watch investigators examine wreckage » The two adults in the third vehicle were being treated for minor injuries, police said.
The first list I really remember making was taking an inventory of every piece of clothing in my closet and seeing how many different outfits I could make.She has a degree in journalism and is a former TV producer.]Tahari: I definitely think he is taking after me.
Forty-one of the 59 attacks worldwide occurred in the United States, with Florida leading with 32.Surfers accounted for 57 percent of shark attack victims; swimmers and waders, 36 percent, and divers the rest, according to the Shark Attack File.CNN's Eve Bower contributed to this report.
15,000 people live there.Of that, roughly $5 million has been awarded so far to a project to create jobs.We'll see you then.
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel has frequented the restaurant since the Clinton administration.Now, as executive director of the famed power spot, Jacomo is known by Washington's elite as the keeper of the keys to The Palm.But one of the challenges with a place like Komi is that it's very small and books up far in advance, so it might be hard for the Obamas to sort of drop in there like they've been dropping in at a lot of these other restaurants."
In the late '90s on several occasions he was in our sights, but the inability or hesitancy to pull the trigger allowed him to escape.Even though I support the continued efforts in Afghanistan and believe the president should give Gen. Stanley McChrystal what he needs, Hoh's words reflect thoughts that I, too, have pondered.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins.
It was a later in life recognition," the actress explained to Matt Lauer on the "Today" show Wednesday.Her 25-year-old son Peter was all smiles.He told the magazine that he "just couldn't stop smiling, because she finally figured it out."
Pakistani security forces have secured Sararogha and have started to clear the town of weapons and ammunition, the military said.Hours later, two suicide bombers detonated their explosives at a police checkpoint in Lahore, injuring 17 police and civilians.CNN's Samson Desta and Reza Sayah contributed to this report.
For the most part, battle lines are clearly drawn.Nelson has said he would join a Republican filibuster against closing debate on the bill if it retains the current public option provision, which allows states to opt out of a national plan.CNN's Ted Barrett, Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report
Although no vaccine is 100 percent effective in preventing disease, vaccination is the key to flu prevention, according to the FDA.Novartis spokesman Eric Althoff said Agriflu is made in Siena, Italy, with eggs, and it has been available in Europe under the brand name Aggripal.This approval, he said, will add to future seasonal vaccine supplies.
It requires planning and is carried out systematically.Our report recommends a number of distinct but interrelated areas where the United States government can develop and deploy more effective strategies to identify and pursue opportunities for prevention of genocide and mass atrocities: First, we believe that leadership is an indispensable ingredient.For more information about the Genocide Prevention Task Force, visit the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, The American Academy of Diplomacy or the United States Institute of Peace.
I would think they would find it more unusual if I walked into the picture not having anything.Growing up, I always wanted to be a wife and a mom and didn't expect that I would find myself single again."TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
A White House statement said Obama's proposal calls for the Office of Management and Budget to maintain a ledger of the average 10-year budgetary effects of all legislation affecting mandatory spending or baseline tax levels.Any extra cost that lacks payment authorized by Congress would require the president to find money within the budget to pay it, while any tax cut would require a corresponding increase in tax revenue.Some costs would be exempt, including Medicare payments to doctors, the estate and gift tax, and tax cuts enacted in 2001 and 2002, the White House statement said.
An aerial view of a flood-affected area in Bijapur district in North Karnataka, India.Thousands of people die each year in India during seasonal monsoon rains.More than 1,100 had been killed in monsoon-triggered flooding in different parts of the country as of last month, according to the disaster-management division of the federal home ministry.
Unlike devices to control prosthetic limbs, which still use wires, many deep brain stimulators already rely on wireless signals.Click here!Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
It's not because his arms are covered with tattoos of nearly naked women or because he drives a Harley to work, but because eight months ago he started New York City's first health care cooperative for restaurant workers.According to a 2005 study by the Restaurant Opportunities Center of New York, about 73 percent of all New York restaurant workers -- about 160,000 people -- have no health insurance.We've been trading pasta and cappuccinos for stitching somebody up with him for years, and now that he's doing it with other people, it's great."
Computers can become victims in future military conflicts, a nonprofit group says.Bumgarner said that cyberwarfare "is a global chess game in which citizens, governments and corporations are the pawns."Borg added, "Right now, the international community has no idea how to deal with this."
She said the CNN Heroes award has had an incredible impact on the effectiveness of her St. Bernard Project, which she co-founded with Zack Rosenberg.Every day I see the progress [of] these volunteers, it makes me able to accept that date and the reality of what it's done to my family.Without people like Liz, people like me wouldn't have that opportunity to come home."
When Richard was forced to retire from her job as an accessibility specialist at the National Endowment for the Arts because she was too sick to work, she lost her work-provided private health insurance coverage.The condition is considered rare, thought to affect only about 40,000 Americans, said Tracy Hart, CEO of the OI Foundation.I guess we always do that anyway," she said.
So you're looking at a family, who when I first met them a year ago had some help in the home but nowhere near enough and they were exhausted.We don't have the training, ability, we don't have the energy, we don't have the stamina."Anthony Leoni sums it up this way: "We know that there are other families that have challenges similar to us, sometimes even more dramatic than ours, and if we can serve a purpose or a role to help bring the awareness to public what it takes to take care of a family like ours, then we're willing to make that effort."
And when Abdulrahman first witnessed the sardines circling in the black he could not believe the sight, the beauty of the undulating silver orb below the white and gold lantern light.The fishermen would split the money, with Abdulrahman and Ahmad bringing their share home.This one, named Katrina, would be no different.
And now those funds are gone, so the... poor economy and the unemployment is hitting us with both fists now," Baldwin said.Loaves and Fishes nearly closed this summer because of lack of funding, until the public was reminded of the need to feed the hungry.Contact Loaves and Fishes at PO Box 233, Biloxi, MS 39522.
We ask the families to contribute as much as they can afford," he said. "Getting a fresh start has helped Green and his family deal with the tragedy that turned their lives upside down and took away their loved ones. "So basically when those families come back, it gives the other relatives and friends and other people a jump off point."
Marlin Miller's live oak sculpture in Biloxi's Town Green will be dedicated Saturday.He also plans to expand the project to downtown New Orleans and parts of North Carolina. "Instead of just cutting these trees down," Marlin said, "we're going to put new life into them by adding a sculpture."
Bordainick credits much of the fundraising success to a network of e-mailers who started with a Web site created by a Web-developer-turned-Carver teacher.Usually such design proposals require as long as a month to complete. "I think it can be something that people can look to, and something that people can rally behind."
We had our problems even before the storm, but comparatively, we had it much better then.The situation is unconscionable, atrocious.If I want the help that I so desperately need, I can't get it because it's not there."
He was raring to join the fight.There were a number of instances in my life where by all the odds I should have been killed," he said. "It just gives me a sense of the utter random chance of life."
John Rice says there's a tremendous need for new leaders in the nonprofit world.The success of our nation depends on it.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Rice.
It might have been something as simple as a baseball, a playing card or a walking stick.There is seemingly no limit to the types of artifacts that are part of the collection, from G.I. Joe action figures to crutches, dog tags, combat boots -- even a motorcycle.You can't tell where you are until you understand where you've been.... We're preserving the past for the future."
And he wants us to invest in better technology to deliver services and benefits to veterans with the quality and efficiency they deserve.In the same way that my crew refused to leave me behind, each and every one of us at VA will fight everyday for our nation's military heroes to ensure that they are never left behind.It is our turn to serve America's warriors, and we at VA consider it a privilege.
Honor Flight" took to the skies in May of 2005.A physician's assistant at the VA in Springfield, Ohio, Earl Morse was struck by the WWII vets he treated and how few made the journey to see the memorial that honors them. "In another five to seven years, our efforts will be a moot point because they will be gone or too infirm to participate in a mission like this," he says.
In explaining his change of heart, President Obama said that the release of the photos "would not add any additional benefit" to the ongoing public debate about the abuse of prisoners.In 2005, a federal judge in New York ruled that the Bush administration's refusal to disclose the photographs was unlawful, and in 2008 a federal appeals court unanimously affirmed that decision.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jameel Jaffer and Amrit Singh.
There was a 19-year-old German, scared and lonesome.This beautiful brown-haired gal with luscious lips said, 'Did you play the trumpet solo at the freshman assembly?'What a way to go!"
I was almost apoplectic with the amount of criticism for "Black in America" without critical, thought provoking commentary about how each person can do their part to make a difference to change the very startling and distressing issues facing most African-American children and adults in America.This is serious stuff people.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Malaak Compton-Rock.
The jihadists have used those pictures.Quantock, the head of detainee operations in Iraq, is echoing a debate raging in Washington.Nongovernmental organizations have been denied access, and CNN recently has not been allowed into any Iraqi prison.
youth program, and then I had the pleasure of seeing this program blossom into the Global Citizen Corps, or GCC, a cultural exchange between Palestinian and American students.See perspectives from Palestinian youth » Sometimes, I feel disconnected from Gaza, but whenever I see the photos of Jaffa, I realize that it's where I and a thousand refugees belong.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer.
People are all concerned and very sad," said Maria Luz de Zyriek, the Guatemalan consul in New York. "He's going to have to raise those two little kids now by himself."CNN's Miguel Susana contributed to this report.
As I started painting, I discovered my emotional outlet.With that approach, I hope you'll find that 2009 could become the most fulfilling of holiday seasons.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Seymour.
Their goal: a place in the fabled history of sporting rivalry between Oxford and Cambridge Universities.It would be a huge disappointment if it didn't happen," says Normoyle. "But we'll make do with whatever the decision is and we'll have fun whatever."
The first day they beat us and then made us exercise," one boy said. "They had all been kidnapped by the Taliban and taken to camps where they would be trained to kill; trained to be suicide bombers.All they are left with are the terrible memories, the voices in their heads: the voices of the Taliban telling them to kill, they said.
None of their conditions was serious, she said. "I was in bed and my neighbor knocked and told me to wake up -- the building's on fire," said one woman wrapped in a coat on a nearby street.It was not clear what started the fire, the fire brigade spokesman said.
In some areas, hotels and local businesses are struggling to recover from low visitor numbers, according to the Mexico Tourism Board.Tijuana Mayor Jorge Ramos said tourism in Baja California in the past two years has remained steady, and the task force was set up to create a stronger police presence for tourists. "We're here on this side of the border to invite you to our city and to [show you] we're making a lot of things... better, and to make some progress in our city," Ramos said in a news conference in San Diego Monday.
Katherine Jackson, with Michael in 2005, is challenging the appointment of Michael's estate trustees.Joe Jackson appeared frustrated earlier this month when he attended his first hearing in the probate process, suggesting the lawyers should be more aggressive in court.Streisand said the three Jackson children are doing "absolutely wonderful."
Distraught residents searched for days for Olten without luck, when the Cole County Sheriff's Department received a tip that led them to the alleged killer.Hours earlier, a judge had ordered the 15-year-old suspect to be held while he decides whether she should be tried in adult court.She had everyone's heart."
Internationals living in the country are constantly bombarded with "threat alerts" and rarely visit the desperately poor Afghan communities their projects are ostensibly attempting to help.We can't speak much as I do not know Pashtun and he hasn't yet learned Dari or English, but he tucks his head into the crook of my neck for a couple of minutes watching me type.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marnie Gustavson.
The tiny port town of Edmonston in Prince George's County is billing the thoroughfare as the greenest on the East Coast.The storm water runoff in Edmonston drains into the nearby Anacostia River, which feeds into the Washington Channel, then empties into the Potomac River and eventually Chesapeake Bay.We'll know we're successful when we see these technologies used in other places."
The criteria include that the potential student clear all necessary internal security checks, that the student pursue a degree in a discipline that would encourage regional cooperation and develop area coexistence, and that the area of study not have the potential to cause damage to Israel, says Maj.With the military ban in place, Salameh considered studying at a university abroad. "I would like to help other people, and I hope the political situation will become better and things will become easier," she said.
Jose Feliciano stabbed the Rev. Ed Hinds 32 times with a knife after the two got into an argument on Thursday, Morris County Prosecutor Robert Bianchi said.This will be a big loss for the parish and a big loss for the diocese," said the Rev. Paul Manning from the Archdiocese of Paterson, New Jersey.CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
She says it's not.This all has to do with the publicity I have received since [New York] Gov. [Eliot] Spitzer resigned," her statement said, alluding to her recent New York Times op-ed piece on Silda Wall Spitzer and her recent discussion of betrayed political wives on CNN's "Larry King Live." "E-mail to a friend
A military helicopter hovers over the Hebron Hills, site of the jet crash Sunday of Israel air force pilot Assaf Ramon.The younger Ramon excelled in an IAF pilot training course last month, received a presidential honor, and was given his pilot's wings by President Shimon Peres, Israeli military officials said.Funeral arrangements were pending.
It has presided over a remarkable decline in violence.The voting procedure itself was very well organized and speedy.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum.
The person who did the research for the senators didn't do a thorough job," Hilton said, "and I think if they did a thorough job, we wouldn't have been on the list at all."She said through a smile, "it's never fun to wake up and find that you're an object of national scorn."CNN's Susan Chun contributed to this report.
iReport.com: Tell us about your hero Continuing through November 19, viewers can log on to CNN.com/Heroes to participate in the poll.A panel made up of world leaders and luminaries recognized for their own dedication to public service selected the Top 10.These stories of selfless achievement deserve to be told, and our multiple platforms around the world allow us to do that."
The leaders, the people on the ground, they are all united."Team officials and players said they would be playing in honor of quake victims. "It will be difficult, but we will do our best for our country," said player Fernando Gonzalez.
They fought among themselves Wednesday over a multimillion-dollar ransom they received for releasing a Spanish fishing boat, said a local journalist in contact with the pirates. "This time, private security guards on the Danish-owned ship fended off the pirates, EU and U.S. naval sources said.Mohamed Amiin Adow and CNN Madrid Bureau Chief Al Goodman in Spain contributed to this report.
Interviews with family members suggest that Merhige "had ongoing resentment" for some of his relatives, said Sally Collins-Ortiz, a spokeswoman for Jupiter police.The shooting occurred about 10 p.m. Thursday.Merhige is thought to have escaped in a blue 2007 Toyota Camry with Florida license plate number W42 7JT, police said.
Jerry Dean, county commissioner of Roger Mills, said the county barn was among the structures destroyed.Area residents had time to prepare before the tornado hit, Dean said.He could see the tornado coming before going into a cellar to wait it out, he said.
An investigator's report said Michael Jackson's children are doing well with Katherine Jackson as their guardian.Jackson's lawyers have also said a Jackson family member should be included as an executor.Majestik Magnificent later wondered aloud why reporters even give any attention to "crazy" people surrounding the case.
But Charisa Coulter's heart remains in Haiti, her father said, because her best friend, Laura Silsby is now alone behind bars. "Last month, Saint-Vil released the eight others, but Silsby and Coulter remained in custody because the judge wanted to learn more about their motives.CNN's Lonzo Cook and Sara Sidner contributed to this report.
Teams will spend the next week and a half crossing 1,049 miles through some of the most demanding and formidable conditions on Earth, including North America's largest mountain chain, the Alaska range. "I've got puppies on this team that I want to see get to Nome.But that's exactly the reason."
Danish international Bendtner had been widely criticized for missing a host of chances in Arsenal's 3-1 Premier League win over Burnley on Saturday -- however, he was in the right place at the right time twice in the first-half as the Londonders comfortably overturned their 2-1 first leg deficit.However, just four minutes later Montenerin striker Jovetic out-muscled Daniel Van Buyten to fire home a Gilardino header-on.That sparked wild celebrations from the home bench and supporters, but just 72 seconds later Robben unleashed his devastating strike to break Florence hearts and complete a crazy spell of four goals in 12 minutes.
It took the California Highway Patrol to bring the car safely to a stop.Sikes said he was able to shut off the car, and it rolled to a stop.Toyota has dispatched a field technical specialist to San Diego to investigate the report and offer assistance," the statement said.
By building roads, schools and democratic institutions, the United States hopes to combat both Islamic extremism and anti-Americanism.Tough conditions attached to the aid to ensure the Pakistanis are fighting terrorism on their own soil have prompted fears and resentment about renewed -- and unwanted -- American influence.Only then will this uneasy marriage give way to a true partnership.
Morrey has been forced to quit work to care for Spencer.But she's not going to know who I am.It's not -- once you're a dad, you're always a dad."
China also summoned U.S. ambassador Jon Huntsman to express its anger over Washington's announcement, the official Chinese news agency Xinhua said, citing the Foreign Ministry.The arms sales come as the United States is hoping to persuade China to sign on to harsher sanctions against Iran and just after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton criticized China for its policies relating to the Internet.CNN's Eve Bower and Charley Keyes contributed to this report.
How much can be read into the timing of the attacks?It's the purest essence of terrorism.iReporter: "Increasing chaos" in Pakistan
This is an additional crime-fighting measure."San Juan had the highest homicide rate in 2008, with 177 slayings.It's a good father."
Many parents couldn't get U.S. visas, and others couldn't get permission to leave Cuba.My father thought, 'Americans won't put up with this radical revolution.' "Last year, President Obama lifted restrictions on allowing Cuban-Americans to visit relatives in Cuba and made it easier for them to send money to relatives.
It's a particular problem with identifying the Srebrenica dead because so many of the victims were related.Those killed in a warehouse execution at Srebrenica are spread throughout 20 secondary grave sites, for instance.And there's a fourth brother missing."
The defenders of the school say improvements have been made, but the stats are skewed against them because the school's population is so transient.However, the meeting was abruptly called off, because the Governor's Commission on Disabilities said the school's auditorium was unfit for people with disabilities.Now, many here wonder what the legacy of the school will be next.
Police received a 911 call from a woman at 6:30 a.m. CT Wednesday, according to CNN affiliate WGN-TV in Chicago.When officers arrived at the scene, they found a female dead downstairs in the house and the bodies of three males upstairs, according to WGN.A spokesman for the Addison Police Department declined to give more information Friday.
The Associated Press estimated her worth at more than $100 million.Obama, 46, who graduated from Columbia University and received a law degree from Harvard, often mentions growing up in a single-parent home.E-mail to a friend CNN's Candy Crowley contributed to this report.
I was in elementary school and remember going to campus with her on days that my dad was working, even during an in-class exam.While at the March 4 rally, I realized that California's public education system has had a great impact on who my mother and I are today.The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Katynka Z. Martínez.
The Mexican government on Saturday posted security camera footage of the shooting.Authorities identified Hernandez Castillo as an agriculturalist from the state of Jalisco.CNN's Esprit Smith in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report.
We understand why the Italians did what they did.Those who were found guilty were ordered to pay Abu Omar 1 million euros ($1.48 million) and his wife 500,000 euros.CNN's Hada Messia in Rome; Paula Newton in London, England; and Pam Benson and Jim Barnett in Washington contributed to this report.
Exit polls had Mujica defeating former president Luis Alberto Lacalle by a margin of 4 to 8 percentage points.Located on South America's southeastern coast, the country has a population of 3.5 million, 92 percent of whom live in urban areas.CNN en Español's Dario Klein and CNN's Arthur Brice contributed to this report.
Jonathan, who became acting head of state in February while President Umaru Yar'Adua recovers from illness, called for calm. "Buildings were set afire, and people were attacked with machetes, Yenlong said.CNN's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report.
Sofiati said 20 people were killed.Mohammad Zein, a fire official, said the blaze started around 10 p.m., but firefighters were able to extinguish it within a half-hour.He said the cause of the fire was not known.
The announcement Monday created the buzz typical of any Apple announcement among the world of devoted Mac users.Both "Snow Leopard" and "Mac OS X Snow" had become trending topics on Twitter on Monday morning -- with response mostly positive. "Ordered already: I'm just one of those nut cases," one user wrote.
The latest maneuvers, called "Bastion 2009," are the first since Raul Castro succeeded his brother and Obama assumed the White House.Preparations for the exercises began in 2004, before either was in office.The exercises end Saturday, and on Sunday, Cuba will celebrate Day of Defense.
Security forces on Friday searched the home of Andal Ampatuan Jr., mayor of Datu Unsay and son of the provincial governor of Maguindanao, according to Brawner.Weapons were found in the house, Brawner said.CNN's Talia Kayali contributed to this report.
Wednesday's attack comes a day after Pakistani officials claimed fighting in the northwest of the country left 43 militants dead and two commanders captured.The deaths came as a result of a military operation in Bara, in the Khyber Agency, according to the agency's Office of Political Administration.CNN's Samson Desta contributed to this report.
As part of his annual town hall forum, Putin spoke for four hours and fielded 80 questions out of 2 million-plus submitted on a live call-in program, "Conversation With Vladimir Putin -- Continued."Petersburg express train, which left 26 people dead and more than 100 injured.While Putin had his town hall forum, Medvedev was holding meetings in Italy with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and Pope Benedict XVI.
Sowell threatened his victims and warned them not to contact police, Mason said.Sowell "knew what he was doing was wrong at the time he was doing it," Mason said.When she regained consciousness, he let her out of the house."
He grew up in both the United States and Pakistan, with a parent from each country.He has four kids and a Pakistani wife who also live in the United States," said Danyal Gilani, a public relations officer for the Pakistani prime minister's office.CNN's Reza Sayah in Islamabad, Pakistan, Terry Frieden in Washington, and Kathleen Johnston, Drew Griffin and Amy Roberts in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report.
He said he is looking into expanding the site more to include universities and colleges across the country. "I would not be happy if a student who had taken a class of mine had taken an exam and posted it online," Sarah Hall, graduate professor of psychology at Penn State University, said. "By just going off of old exams students aren't learning how to actually do the problems."
A medical examiner in Savannah, Georgia, used dental records to identify the body positively as Somer's, said Clay County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Mary Justino.There has been an outpouring of support from the community," she said.CNN's Maria P. White contributed to this report.
Between 1,000 and 2,000 requests for some form of clemency came to my desk each and every one of the 10½ years I was governor," Huckabee said Tuesday. "But if the same file was presented to me today, I would have likely made the same decision."In this case, we clearly did."
Both had served in Iraq, it said.Police and Fort Drum officials would not release information about the suspect, including his rank or relationship to the victims.CNN's Evan Buxbaum contributed to this report.
Though he didn't receive much -- he told The New York Times he received only a few dollars -- he was suspended for a week for the prank.Later in his career, he was a regular on TV game shows, such as "Hollywood Squares," "To Tell the Truth" and "What's My Line?"Sales recently fell backstage at a local Emmy awards show in New York and developed serious ailments after that, Dver said.
He sparred with Democratic lawmakers, and was trying to exert executive privilege claims, when that was a dirty word in the wake of Watergate.He really thrived on that.I was so grateful to speak with Justices Stevens, Ginsburg and even Justice [Clarence] Thomas, who all shared great stories and offered their insights into Justice Scalia.
It was -- it was uncomfortable.We were not radical students.That is a legacy that we live with and even people who don't remember the hostage crisis at all still have that image of Iran that was created in those days that has not gone away," he said.
He says he can barely afford maintenance fees and other monthly costs associated with his place.But [he can't] because of the economic situation."CNN's Jackie Adams contributed to this report.
Police investigators collect evidence at the suicide blast site at Islamic International University in Islamabad.More than 12,000 foreign and local students, including 5,500 women, are enrolled in the 29-year-old university.CNN's Reza Sayah contributed to this report.
A report released by the Democratic staff of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee blamed the Bush administration for failing to capture or kill Osama bin Laden when the al Qaeda leader was cornered in Afghanistan's Tora Bora mountain region in December 2001.Sen. Richard Lugar, the ranking Republican on the Foreign Relations committee, told CNN's "State of the Union" that the new report "does serve as a convenient way for, perhaps, Democrats to say once again, there's another failing of the past administration" and that "all the problems have accumulated." "Most analysts say he is still there today."
Candidate Gen. Sarath Fonseka accused Rajapaksa of intimidation during the country's first peacetime presidential election in more than two decades and said his staff had received threatening phone calls Army soldiers and commandos tried to enter the Cinnamon Lakeside Hotel shortly after Fonseka and opposition party members arrived Tuesday, the former general told CNN.The peaceful conduct of the first post-conflict national election is of the highest importance for long-term peace and reconciliation in Sri Lanka," he added.CNN's Sara Sidner and Iqbal Athas contributed to this report.
Definitely one branch of the government acting without the consent of the other.Tension between the two nations has existed for years.I hope this passes... and that they start talking again."
If there'd been a little TM trademark thingy back in the 300s B.C., I'd be a very rich man today.My fave Greek philosopher buddy Ari would respond emphatically. "TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
The TSA said it removed the report as soon as it learned of the problem.But it was too late.The full, un-redacted version of the report appeared on at least one Web site on Sunday, and was even more widely distributed on Tuesday.
Even if it's not true, O'Brien said, it still haunts him. "I just think the history of Vegas PR is to ignore the bad issues," he said. "CNN's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report.
If Bafana Bafana is to succeed in their mission, conventional wisdom would be that coach Carlos Alberto Parreira will turn to his best players to deliver results.With goals being South Africa's biggest problem, it was no surprise that returning coach Parreira made persuading McCarthy to return, for a second time, his top priority.Hear what Benni has to say in CNN's coverage of the World Cup draw, live on Friday 4th December.
At a congressional hearing Wednesday, Odierno said the main threat to stability in Iraq are Arab-Kurd tensions, adding there has been difficulty bringing the two sides together for possible joint patrols. "We've had some very good meetings," he said. "But we still have some ways to go on that."
The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning, with predictions of another 10 to 20 inches of snow, for northern Virginia and eastern Maryland, including the District of Columbia, beginning Tuesday afternoon and continuing through Wednesday. "The situation there is "getting back to normal," Mickalonis said.CNN's Sarah Lee, Sarah Aarthun, Justin Lear and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report.
Discovery landed at Edwards Air Force Base after a 13-day mission to the international space station. "Watch the shuttle land in California » Both Florida landing opportunities Friday were canceled by "a very deep moisture system that descended over the Florida spaceport," a NASA spokesman said.Weather and technical problems delayed Discovery's launch three times before the mission began.
Next week in Uganda, leaders from across the continent will converge to tackle the issue.Uganda does not just set up camps; it builds facilities for them," Opolot said. "There may well be some African countries that have not followed protocols.... The summit will reassess the challenges they have and set up steps to ensure they follow international protocol."
Elk, wary of the reintroduced top predator, have altered their grazing behavior. "After their population dwindled in the Rockies last century, in part because of practices like trapping, gray wolves were put on the endangered species list.CNN's Joe Sterling contributed to this report.
Davis' mother, Antionette Nicole Davis, has been charged with human trafficking and other offenses.Police have said they believe she was prostituting the girl.O'Neal, as a volunteer for law enforcement agencies in recent years, has been active in causes that deal with domestic violence issues, mainly child-abuse cases.
Baseball is the one that became the most popular.The first was in 1931, an American all-star team whose big star was Lou Gehrig, and the bigger tour came in 1934.I'm in mourning this morning, but at least it was Matsui who did the damage.
That followed a police announcement Sunday that Woods had canceled a third interview with investigators.Toobin: The woman may go public to repeat... what she's said to the AP and publicly deny the affair, or perhaps to say that she was libeled by the Enquirer.Gloria Allred's clients tend not to disappear from the news media.
Berner was an itinerant special education teacher, according to CNN affiliate WTAE-TV of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.Authorities saw a bloody trail where Berner had been dragged off a road and wolf tracks near the body, Peters said. "CNN's Greg Morrison and Dave Alsup contributed to this report.
Ahmet Turk, the co-chairman of the now-defunct Democratic Society Party -- known by its initials in Turkish, DTP -- made the announcement in a statement to the media Monday evening in the southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir.The banning of the DTP came after more then a week of riots and clashes between police and Kurdish protesters in cities and towns across Turkey.Therefore, they are the ones who practice terrorism, not us....Those who want war are terrorists."
Heaslip that said Haim's mother, Judy, told him "there were no signs of him overdosing."His latest film is set for release soon, he said.CNN's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report.
Tai Shan, the giant panda cub so many people have come to know and love, is about to board a flight to China. "It's very important to get Tai Shan into the breeding population to help conserve the species in general.This is a very good day for him," she said.
Barcelona said that the Brazilian had been hurt in a "training accident", adding: " A scan carried out confirms that he has a torn muscle which will keep him off the pitch for a period of six weeks."Barcelona are third in the Spanish league with 58 points, seven points behind champions and leaders Real Madrid.E-mail to a friend
Break out your winter gear -- the Farmers' Almanac is predicting a rough winter for large parts of the U.S. The longtime periodical, published since 1818 and famous for its long-range weather predictions, is out with its annual winter forecast, which says Old Man Winter is really going to hammer folks in the Midwest and upper Great Lakes region with very cold and very snowy conditions.On the contrary, significant snowfalls are forecast for parts of every zone."CNN's Ninette Sosa contributed to this story.
This year's participants also can watch an animated video that shows how much damage a magnitude 7.8 earthquake can cause.iReport.com: Museum undergoes "fake quake" drill Thursday's event comes two days before the 20th anniversary of the Loma Prieta earthquake.The magnitude 6.9 quake rocked Northern California in 1989, killing dozens, collapsing a 50-foot section of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge, damaging thousands of homes, and interrupting baseball's World Series.
Locke: I think a lot of people become stars in their church.... The church environment is so supportive.Even if you mess up and you sound horrible, they kind of let you stand there and collect yourself while the pianist keeps playing.I want to be on that show because then I'd lose the extra 10 to 15 pounds I want to lose.
A knee injury kept him from competing last year. "I am certain it will be an outstanding event, and I'm very sorry that I can't be there."CNN's Susan Candiotti, Alan Duke, Ross Levitt and Marc Balinsky contributed to this report.
The company said it was checking the brakes on the Lexus vehicle model HS250h -- as well as a Japanese model called the Sai -- because they use the same system as that used on the 2010 Toyota Prius.But it has yet to determine how to fix the brakes of vehicles already on the road.CNN's Kyung Lah and CNNMoney.com's Peter Valdes-Dapena and Chris Isidore contributed to this report.
Research has shown that plant yields experience a significant boost from vermicomposting, by as much as 40 percent for broccoli, 80 percent for tomatoes and as much as 259 percent for carrots, according to The Ecologist.You will find as many as 1 million earthworms in just 1 acre of land, according to NatureWatch, their population doubling in size every one-two months.E-mail to a friend (Sources: CityFarmer.org, The Ecologist, NatureWatch, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Veolia Environmental Services, Soil Association, Waste Management World, New York Times, Reuters, ScienceDaily, Treehugger.com , Telegraph, India Together)
At a Capitol Hill hearing on Thursday, the Pentagon's chief weapons buyers said numerous problems over the almost 10-year program have forced the cost of the aircraft to go from $50 million a jet in 2001 to about $113 million.Even as the program tries to field an aircraft in less than two years, a Government Accountability Office (GAO) official testified at the hearing that there are still no final costs associated with the program through its projected life ending in 2034. "To date, the department does not have a full, comprehensive cost estimate for completing the program," said Michael Sullivan, director of the acquisition and sourcing management team for the GAO.
Since the surgery, Landra Reid, 69, has been able "to get out of bed, her pain is well-controlled and she's able to swallow some," said Dr. Elizabeth Franco of Inova Fairfax Hospital.The couple has 16 grandchildren.CNN Congressional Producer Ted Barrett and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report.
Mark Brown, The Guardian: Perhaps most surprising was the politics.At one stage the deranged general leading the attack, with echoes of George Bush, declares: "Our survival relies on pre-emptive action.We will fight terror with terror."
The world No.The winner of the tie will face either the Czech Republic or Germany in the last four, with that clash also tied at 1-1.Anna-Lena Groenefeld put Germany ahead in Brno with a 6-2 6-2 victory over Lucie Safarova, but Petra Kvitova leveled for the hosts with a 6-4 6-4 win against Andrea Petkovic.
The second blast happened in front of the emergency room at Jinnah Hospital, where doctors treated people from the first attack and people on stretchers were waiting to be taken in to the crowded facility.Along with the six slain, five people were wounded.The last deadly blast in Karachi took place late December during Ashura, when more than 40 people were killed.
Brighthaupt acknowledged that he was paid at least $150,000 for interviews by the "Entertainment Tonight" and "Access Hollywood" TV shows.Stern faces 11 felony counts, while the doctors were charged with six each.A series of affidavits used by state investigators to obtain search warrants in their 2½-year inquiry was unsealed last month, revealing many details of the prosecution's case.
It can be torture to watch couples exchange stuffed bears, chocolates and kisses.when they start necking because, well, you're in their room.TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
On the following Monday, you see it there, online sales swelled to $846 million and this year's numbers, they're still coming in, but you can expect them to go higher.And if you haven't seen our 'office crib' on Facebook, you oughta go here: Facebook.com/CNNStudentNews.I'm Carl Azuz-- looking forward to seeing y'all tomorrow.
Although the autopsy showed Haim's heart was enlarged and he had fluid in his lungs, the coroner's chief investigator said a drug overdose has not been ruled out as the cause of the actor's death. "Heaslip said the enlarged heart was evidence that Haim's death was not caused by a drug overdose, but Winter disputed that. "CNN's Brittany Kaplan and Jack Hannah contributed to this report.
Obama delivered the remarks during a memorial service at CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia.But Panetta issued a strong statement at the service Friday, assuring those in attendance that "we will carry this fight to the enemy." "Our resolve is unbroken, our energy undiminished and our dedication to each other and to our nation unshakable," Panetta said.
In an interview on CNN's "Larry King Live," Sanford called "Staying True" -- which hit bookstores Friday -- "an honest account of the values I hold dear."I literally was in shock.I want to stay happy and positive and raise the kids to the best of my ability."
It would be true if it had been a woman's face that was thrust into his crotch."Henson also noted that this is not an anti-Adam Lambert campaign and said the council would have had no problem with Lambert performing live on "Good Morning America." "As long as he keeps it clean," Henson said.
Watch Mashable's Adam Ostrow on the Twitter outage Twitter -- a micro-blogging site where users post 140-character messages to their followers -- has soared in popularity in recent months.Earlier this morning, we encountered issues within our network that resulted in a short period of degraded site experience for some visitors," said Facebook spokeswoman Kathleen Loughlin. "To protect their computers, consumers should update anti-virus software, create passwords that are difficult to crack and maintain computer firewalls, the agency says.
A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday indicates that a bare majority of Americans, 51 percent, believe that the Democrats' policies are good for the country, with 46 percent saying that those policies would take the U.S. in the wrong direction.The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points.CNN deputy political director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
But instead of working on that knockout, President Obama and his White House cronies are feuding with Fox News.This is not a war of necessity.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joy Behar.
The flights are scheduled to resume at 11 a.m. Monday, said Nery Ynclan, a spokeswoman for the university's R. Barth Green, who is leading the team.But officials have increased the ability to care for patients through a network of nonprofits and U.S. hospitals, he said.CNN's Susan Candiotti and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report.
One priest admitted to sexually abusing over 100 children, while another accepted that he had abused on a fortnightly basis during the currency of his ministry which lasted for over 25 years," the report said. "Its report was completed in July.CNN's Atika Shubert contributed to this report.
Police are offering rewards totaling HKD $1.7 million ($219,000) for information leading to arrests in recent acid attacks in five areas of Hong Kong, including the shopping district of Mong Kok.Hong Kong Security Secretary Ambrose Lee on Wednesday said that if an object is dropped from a building and injures someone in public, the culprit could face six months in jail and a HK $10,000 ($1,300) fine.The throwing of corrosive fluid or manslaughter could result in life imprisonment, he added.
The explosion took place at a security checkpoint, said Jamshed Akram of the city police.That is why we need a strategy that works on both sides of the border."The United States says Pakistan looms large because Taliban and al Qaeda militants operating in Afghanistan also have had a presence in Pakistan's northwestern region near the Afghan border and have threatened the governments and troops in both countries.
The latest budget cuts could be felt at community centers like Meadows Park, which is bustling with after-school programs for kids, as well as exercise classes and hot meals for seniors.These are hard-working, intelligent and bright [people], and they're not asking for much.We're giving them just the very basics."
It comes from overseas.Reid refused earlier this week to predict when the chamber would pass a health care bill, possibly signaling difficulty in generating support from his entire Democratic caucus.CNN's Dana Bash, Lisa Desjardins and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report.
King, 46, was elected as the SCLC's first female president, said Renee Richardson.The group, which has chapters and affiliates throughout the country, has lobbied extensively on a variety of issues related to civil rights.CNN's Debra Krajnak and Maria White contributed to this report.
The accident occurred about 7 p.m. in Dajabon, just east of the border with Haiti, said Rosani Zapata, a spokeswoman for the Dominican Civil Aviation Institute.He was very aggressive.... If it was worth doing, he'd do it."The cause of the crash is under investigation.
He was released the next day feeling "much better," according to KTLA.The 73-year-old Academy Award winner is known for his roles in "Rebel Without a Cause," "Hoosiers," "Apocalypse Now" and "Easy Rider" -- the latter of which he also directed -- among scores of other films.Hopper recently finished shooting the second season of the Starz drama "Crash," based on the 2006 Oscar-winning film.
King: Do you take special security precautions?And she's had death threats, and I've had death threats.That's the whole reason why I took on this account, was to help the mom with those eight little kids.
A Pakistani soldier pictured during operations against militants in June.The attacks show "once again that the militants in Pakistan threaten both Pakistan and the United States," White House Deputy Press Secretary Bill Burton said.On Thursday, President Obama approved an additional $7.5 billion in assistance to Pakistan over the next five years.
I have let my family down and I regret those transgressions with all of my heart.I do not have sex with celebrities, and I have not had an affair with Tiger Woods."The worst part of it, it's not true," Uchitel said.
Monday's ruling was a temporary measure to postpone the marriage until Seijas' original ruling could be reviewed in depth, presumably by an appeals court or the supreme court, the court statement said Countries in Latin America, a region strongly identified with the Catholic Church, have recently given more attention to gay rights.In September Uruguay became the first Latin American country to allow same-sex adoption.Brazil, Colombia and Ecuador are also addressing the issue of same-sex civil unions.
In scenes calmly mirroring the events of November 9, 1989, crowds thronged through the center of the once-divided city, joining German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a symbolic re-enactment of the first crossing of the breached Wall. "We have a responsibility to address conditions everywhere that undermine the potential of boys and girls and men and women that sap human dignity and threaten global progress."CNN's Barry Neild contributed to this story
It affects our international image.Wikipedia, the user-edited online reference Web site, has locked down Mitterrand's entry, preventing changes to it, in a possible sign of the intensity of the debate surrounding him.CNN's Jen Carswell in Paris, France and Alanne Orjoux in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report.
The Israel Defense Forces chief of staff, Lt.Russian President Dmitry Medvedev told CNN's Fareed Zakaria last week that Israeli President Shimon Peres told him in a recent visit to the Russian leader's vacation home that "Israel doesn't intend to deliver any strike against Iran." "[CNN's Kevin Flower and Michal Zippori contributed to this report.
He's got the real thing.We must invest today in research that will most swiftly lead to the ultimate cure: prevention.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kate Mulgrew.
The accident came soon after the Louisiana Legislature passed a law requiring riders in every seat to be buckled up. "This is an example of why we implemented that law," Graham said. "It's very frustrating for us to come out here and see children dead," he said.
Michael Jackson's albums took the top 15 slots on Amazon.com's top 50 album downloads.Meanwhile, searches on Michael Jackson are up 8,900 percent and total downloads on the site have increased 5,167 percent.You will hear a lot more Michael Jackson being played over the next few weeks."
But it wasn't until Monday night that their spouses individually reported to police that the two were missing.Natera-Armenta and Diaz are ultrarunners, devotees of an endurance sport in which it's common to trek and run for many hours over rugged terrain.Natera-Armenta is an experienced ultrarunner and was a top finisher at a 100-mile race in San Diego.
The caiman was 1.1 meters long (3.6 feet), the Italian Forest Service said.In August 2008 in Naples, authorities found a 2-meter-long (6.5-foot-long) crocodile at the home of a man known for drug dealing, they said.CNN's Hada Messia contributed to this report.
Initially, authorities reported five people -- three postal workers and two customers -- were taken hostage after a man entered a Wytheville, Virginia, post office about 2:30 p.m. and fired a gun.There were reports the man had a "device," and it appeared that his car, parked outside the office, was equipped with some type of device as well, Crewe said.CNN's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report.
The soldier, from the 1st Battalion, Coldstream Guards, died as a result of injuries sustained in the Babaji area, the Ministry of Defence said in a statement.Britain has lost more than 200 service personnel in Afghanistan since the start of fighting in 2001.More than 100 were lost in the past year.
The opener reached 284 off only 239 balls at stumps on Thursday -- the third-highest individual score in one day's play -- for his sixth double ton, a record for India, and is poised to become the first player to complete three triple-centuries.I missed out on a double-century in the last Test in Kanpur and I wanted to make amends," Sehwag told reporters. "The player, who missed the Ashes defeat to England, has taken 310 Test wickets in 76 matches and 324 one-day scalps in 186 appearances.
Some of them are being swept back by radiation pressure from sunlight, creating the long, straight dust streaks, he said.The nucleus of the presumed boom is 460 feet in diameter, NASA said.Asteroid collisions happen fast, with an average impact speed of more than 11,000 mph, or five times faster than a rifle bullet.
The Americans met again with the man in Port-au-Prince on Thursday, near the Dominican Embassy, the translator said.But the interpreters the group had used said the conversations between Silsby and the parents in the Haitian town of Calebasse made clear to them that Silsby must have been aware of the children's status.CNN's Dan Simon in Meridian, Idaho; Karl Penhaul in Port-au-Prince, Haiti; Jill Dougherty in Washington; and Fionnuala Sweeney in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report.
I wake up with it in my head," she said. "Samar feels betrayed, both by the man she once loved and by a judicial system that is about to send her to her death.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
But after receiving a second chance, Clemmons was apparently unable to stay on the right side of the law, according to documents and authorities in Arkansas and Washington.Huckabee commuted Clemmons' sentence in 2000, citing his young age at the time of sentencing, making him eligible for parole.CNN's Mary Snow contributed to this report.
The precautionary alert means that the height of a possible tsunami wave would be less than a foot and a half.The declaration makes federal funding available to affected individuals.CNN's Augie Martin, Mariano Castillo, Moni Basu, Tess Eastment and Nick Valencia contributed to this report
Police said witnesses confirmed her account.Morrow is a racially diverse city in the southeast suburbs of Atlanta, with a population of about 4,900, according to the 2000 census.CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
While I believe that government has a critical role in creating the conditions for economic growth, ultimately, true economic recovery is only going to come from the private sector," Obama told attendees of the at the White House Forum on Jobs and Economic Growth.Events were held in Dayton, Ohio; Columbus, Ohio; and Sacramento, California, on Wednesday, and in Albuquerque, New Mexico; Minneapolis, Minnesota; and Toledo, Ohio, on Thursday.CNN's Jessica Yellin and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report.
Reardon said the jet appeared to be empty when it went down.The downed plane was en route to Atlanta, Georgia, from Pontiac, Michigan, with a stop in Chicago, according to private Web sites that track air travel.There was no immediate comment from the company.
I don't want history to judge us as sleepwalking into a crisis when all the scientific evidence is saying that we have to stop and take notice of the way that we are living on this planet. "I feel that right now we are all at risk and being severely judged by future generation."Watch Kumi Naidoo on CNN's African Voices on Saturday, December 12, 11.30 and 18.30 GMT and Sunday, December 13, 17.00 GMT
David Young, father of sailor Oliver Young, said the families met briefly Wednesday morning with Britain's foreign secretary and his staff, who earlier told relatives that Iran was releasing the men. "The men and their yacht were towed into international waters Wednesday, and representatives from the company that owns the boat, Sail Bahrain, met them to bring them ashore in Dubai.I would say don't get lost on your way to Dubai," Young said.
He was being taken from the Estelle prison in Huntsville to the Stiles prison in Beaumont, a 150-mile drive, when he "brandished a firearm and directed the officers to stop the vehicle," the statement said. "He took the officers' weapons and apparently handcuffed them together in the back of the transport vehicle," it said.Police found the handcuffed guards unharmed in the vehicle at 10 a.m. CT, the statement said.
The two accused each other of sending harassing e-mails.He pleaded with a judge in March to stop Noriko Savoie from being able to travel to Japan for summer vacation.I didn't do anything wrong."
The attack is the latest to shake the garrison city since this year's launch of strong military offensives against Taliban insurgents in the Swat Valley and South Waziristan.On October 10, militants stormed army headquarters in Rawalpindi, taking several people hostage before security forces killed them.CNN's Reza Sayah contributed to this report.
The initial impression is that the suspect was acting alone and did not have any formal connections to organized terrorist groups, said the senior official who is familiar with the investigation.Delta is the parent company of Northwest.CNN's Mike Brooks, Jeanne Meserve, Kevin Bohn, Elise Labott, Ed Henry and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report.
A 6.9-magnitude earthquake hit at 11:39 a.m. local time (9:39 a.m. ET), followed by a 6.7-magnitude quake 16 minutes later, the U.S. Geological Survey reported.How to help: Impact Your World Authorities this week released the names of 279 people whose bodies had been identified in the quake, but officials said the new tally does not include hundreds of unidentified victims.The February 27 earthquake was violent enough to move the Chilean city of Concepcion at least 10 feet to the west and Santiago about 11 inches to the west-southwest, researchers said.
I leave sad because of the pain of our people but with my head held high," a teary-eyed Bachelet said in a brief farewell address from the La Moneda presidential palace in Santiago, Chile's capital. "I leave proud of what we have been able to build as a nation, of the role we have played. "I leave, above everything else, very proud of the country we are."
Katie McCormick Lelyveld, a spokeswoman for the first lady, said in an e-mail to CNN that the White House had no comment on the new doll.When the company behind Beanie Babies began selling dolls named "Marvelous Malia and Sweet Sasha" soon after Inauguration Day, the White House had a swift and strong reaction. "We feel it is inappropriate to use young private citizens for marketing purposes," the first lady's spokeswoman said at the time.
As well as Saturday's match, Abidal will be absent from both legs of the Champions League last 16 showdown against Stuttgart, while he will also miss a host of key Spanish league fixtures.Marquez and Pique are banned this weekend after their recent dismissals against Getafe, while Alves is suffering from a calf injury.Toure is sometimes deployed by Barca coach Pep Guardiola as an emergency defender, but the Ivory Coast international has a leg injury which will rule him out of action for two weeks.
The Los Angeles Times reports that Joe Lombardi, 38, never met his famous grandfather; he was born a year after his death in 1970.I think his point was that certainly your goal is to win, but it's the process that you take in order to get there, the will to win, the will to prepare -- doing everything in your control in order to put yourself in position to win at anything.They intrigue us.
There are currently 42,000 non-U.S. NATO troops in Afghanistan at present.28 NATO allies and 15 non-NATO members are contributing to the U.S.-led coalition.The added NATO troop deployment would complement the nearly 100,000 Americans expected to be in the fight once the 30,000 troops U.S. President Barack Obama announced Tuesday night are in place.
Calling Knox a victim herself, Carlo della Vedova portrayed the Seattle, Washington, native as someone who fell victim to a rush to judgment by police following the murder, and who had to fend off a myriad of false media reports regarding the crime.As defense lawyers have throughout the entire trial, he cast doubt on DNA evidence prosecutors claim shows Knox's DNA on the handle of the alleged murder weapon.CNN's Mallory Simon contributed to this report.
Mahmoud Othman said the United States urged the Kurdish majority in the northern oil-rich province of Kirkuk to agree to a proposal that would settle issues about the law that spells out how the election will be carried out.Iraq's election commission has said it needs at least 90 days after passage of any election law to prepare to carry out elections, which U.S. and Iraqi government officials call a vital step in Iraqi efforts to solidify a democratic system in the post-Saddam Hussein era.CNN's Mohammed Jamjoom and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this story from Baghdad, Iraq.
Watch Ulrich discuss the rescue efforts » Access to the affected areas was obstructed in parts, he added.Aid agencies kicked into gear to help those in need. "CNN's Tricia Escobedo and Andy Saputra contributed to this report.
However, Dos Santos is also expected to be granted dual nationality this week.Barcelona opened up their Primera Liga campaign with a goalless draw away to Racing Santander on Sunday.E-mail to a friend
A divided Supreme Court dismissed on Thursday a 17-year-old suit filed on behalf of English-deficient students.Miriam Flores is now an adult and a student at the University of Arizona.The cases are Horne v. Flores (08-289) and Speaker of the Arizona House of Representatives v. Flores (08-294).
We're still in the search and rescue phase.The missing person the Coast Guard members were searching for prior to the collision is still missing, Farris said.CNN's Sonya Hamasaki and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report.
The divorce settlement set Wood back an estimated £6.5 million ($10.7 million).He and Jo have two children.Wood has reportedly been dating a 20-year-old Russian cocktail waitress, Ekaterina Ivanova, for a year.
And we will seek a partnership with Afghanistan grounded in mutual respect -- to isolate those who destroy; to strengthen those who build; to hasten the day when our troops will leave; and to forge a lasting friendship in which America is your partner, and never your patron."Al Qaeda's top leaders, Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri, remain at large and are suspected to be hiding in the same region.The conflict has so far claimed the lives of more than 900 Americans and nearly 600 allied troops.
If you get angry with it, you get angry at God," said the manager, Gaby Guerrier. "But we're not going anywhere.We need to deal with this crisis at the grass roots."
Italy does not have the death penalty.Their trial began in January.CNN's Mallory Simon contributed to this report.
Under President Clinton, Democrats were more likely to assess the economy positively than were Republicans of the same income level.Among Republican conservatives, the drop is slightly smaller -- 13 points -- but that's because so few of them believed in the reality of global warming in the first place.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum.
The Australian pilot has been compared to U.S. hero Chesley B. "Sully" Sullenberger, pictured above.The Piper Chieftain plane was on its way to the town of Maningrida, about 500 kilometers (310 miles) east of Darwin, according to its owner, Australian information technology company CSG.The correlation for a water landing is as close as it gets," he said.
Beatie spoke to Walters about Susan's birth, which was not via Caesarean section.Prior to her birth, he released a photo showing his bearded face and pregnant belly.It sparked a worldwide media frenzy.
Delta is fully co-operating with the Japanese authorities, and there is (an) on-going investigation which is being led by the Japanese authorities.The airline has not issued an official statement at this time," a Delta representative told CNN.CNN's Junko Ogura and Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report.
Without proper training, staff can be hurt and students, especially small children, are at risk.It's difficult to believe, but there are no federal laws to prevent this from happening.George Miller and Cathy McMorris Rodgers.
Zelaya, who says he does not recognize the election, also has said he would not accept the post even if Congress voted him back in.We are disappointed by this decision since the United States had hoped the [Honduran] Congress would have approved his return," Valenzuela said in a conference call with journalists in Washington. "Zelaya, who was flown out of the country while still in his pajamas on the day of the coup, has been staying at the Brazilian Embassy in Honduras' capital since secretly returning to the country September 21.
The Department of Agriculture quickly issued a statement saying the food supply is safe. "This virus is not in muscle tissue, so if these animals were slaughtered or processed there would be no risk to the public."A vaccine to protect swine from H1N1 is under development but is not yet commercially available, one official said.
Historically, HIV and AIDS have been taboo topics in China, another reason awareness can be so low.But the Chinese government is now conducting educational campaigns to inform higher risk groups, including sex workers, about how to prevent the transmission of HIV. "I can only rely on myself."
A rare rainstorm inundated pilgrims in the city of Mina, flooding tents and making conditions miserable for the 2.5 million pilgrims performing the ancient rituals, according to Isha Sesay, CNN's correspondent there.Showers through Friday.CNN's Amir Ahmed and Daniela Deane contributed to this report.
Before the show even came on, Paul was being surrounded by the people behind me," Jim Sitton said Tuesday in Jupiter, Florida, standing in front of police officers.There's dresses and shoes in there that will never be worn again."According to its Web site, "America's Most Wanted" has helped find more than 1,050 fugitives and bring home more than 50 missing children in its 22 years on the air.
Dean was an infant when the Titanic -- publicized as "practically unsinkable" and as the largest passenger steamship at the time -- struck an iceberg on the night of April 14, 1912, during its maiden voyage from Southampton in southern England to New York.The ship sank less than three hours later, killing more than 1,500 people.Dean's brother and mother also survived the sinking.
The rain caused flooding and airport delays across the region, even as Saturday's high winds -- reaching hurricane force in some areas -- waned dramatically on Sunday. "In the Midwest, meanwhile, flooding continued on Sunday because of snow melt, rains and ice jams.Farther west, North Dakota's Red River is expected to reach major flood stage around Fargo and Moorhead on Tuesday.
The brilliant Dutchman put the Bavarian giants into the quarterfinals of the Champions League with his stunning strike against Fiorentina on Tuesday and worked his magic again at the Allianz Arena.Defending champions VfL Wolfsburg picked up their fourth-straight Bundesliga win under caretaker coach Lorenz-Guenther Koestner as they beat Borussia Moenchengladbach 4-0 to move up to eighth.Lyon are fourth with 50 points after 28 games.
But before real-time Web becomes a reality, developers say they need to figure out how to protect people's privacy while blasting out as much information as they can, as fast as they can. "Brett Slatkin, a software developer with Google, said a real-time Web would create numerous new opportunities -- among them, giving small, local retailers a chance to catch up with major online stores that capitalize on convenience. "Once we solve it technically, it'll be about how to actually implement it for users."
It was so sad.He couldn't tell."But that's the job we chose to do."
Czech defender David Rozehnal gave Hamburg some brief hope when converting an 83rd minute Piotr Trochowski free-kick but the victory was confirmed just a minute later when Gonzalo Casto fired home from just inside the area.Meanwhile, in the day's other match, Claudio Pizarro scored his 11th league goal of the season to give Werder Bremen a 1-0 home win over Hoffenheim.The Peruvian striker lobbed goalkeeper Timo Hildebrand with just nine minutes remaining to leave Werder sixth in the table, one point away from a place in Europe.
We very much hope that the draft piece of legislation is to be withdrawn," German Chancellor Angela Merkel said during a NATO summit on Afghanistan over the weekend. "This is something that we're also serious about and should not allow," he said.I don't ask that the international community come and make laws for us, but they have to make the government of Afghanistan accountable for their commitment to women and children... and basically the human rights situation in this country," she said.
We certainly try to concern ourselves with the thoughts and concerns of victims, and certainly our hearts go out to them," Martin told King. "...Debra Tate said she can see the educational value, and might consider seeing the exhibit, but "I think a little bit of notice for people to prepare themselves would have been very, very nice."He cannot long succeed if he continues to put victims' pain on display for publicity."
The Michael Jackson Facebook page is now the most popular on the social networking site.Michael Jackson is simply the largest celebrity in the world.The surge for demand in Jackson's music looks likely to continue for several months: The fan page has a music player with some of Jackson's hits and an option to buy them through Amazon.
CNN: It's clear that learning this music and a new technique on the banjo was a challenge for you.Bela Fleck: Well, I have loved the banjo since I first heard it when I was a little kid, and after I started to learn to play it I discovered that it came from Africa originally, and that doesn't seem to be common knowledge.It's not a political statement, but it does point out what is beautiful about Africans.
Dr. Anna Pou said Tuesday she hopes to return to work doing what she "loves to do best." "Simmons said Pou is still facing lawsuits filed by relatives of three of the patients who died.E-mail to a friend
Our investigation found that Judge Porteous participated in a pattern of corrupt conduct for years," said U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff, D-California, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee Task Force on Judicial Impeachment. "Before then, Judge Walter L. Nixon of U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi was impeached in 1989 on charges of perjury before a federal grand jury.The Senate convicted him and removed him from office that year.
Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau making the L.A. bar scene in "Swingers" back in 1996?You've got to suspect that back home in suburbia, these couples are doomed to live unhappily ever after. "Couples Retreat" is rated PG-13 and runs 107 minutes.
Even if you buy a fur glove with the little trim, and you think 'Oh, my God, it's just a little trim,' that animal got clubbed," Mendes said.But there is a great substitute for animal fur, she said. "Go faux, go fake."
It's not rush-rush-rush.Paris is bigger obviously and a bit more hectic and Prague is smaller and has more of a village-y feeling compared to Paris.He is someone people admire, as they do Prague.
By 2007, half of the country's 10 best-selling novels were written on cell phones, according to book distributor Tohan while last year mobile novels and comics were a $240 million market in Japan, which is over 5 percent of the country's $4.5 billion total mobile content market, according to Japan's Mobile Content Forum.It encourages me to write," said Knighten. "And it gives me the chance to escape reality."
Additional arrests in the case are likely, Troyer said Tuesday. "He determined the car was stolen and was doing paperwork in his vehicle when he saw a man approach his patrol car from behind on the driver's side, the statement said.CNN's Patrick Oppmann, Dan Simon, Dave Alsup, Dina Majoli and Matt Smith contributed to this report.
Lisa Borders came in a distant third with 14 percent of the vote, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.A candidate needs 50 percent plus one vote to avert a runoff.CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report.
The pace is at this breakneck speed," said Condren, author of "Ambition Is Not a Dirty Word," a career guide for women. "It's difficult to change the culture of a particular corporation," Britt said. "That has to start at the top.... At least have the corporate leadership indicate that if you're actually at the wheel, that responding isn't as important as safety."
The England and LA Galaxy midfielder has been in South Africa with Football Association chief Lord Triesman to promote England's bid ahead of the draw for the 2010 tournament.FIFA vice-president Jack Warner, who had previously been critical of England's bid to stage the tournament, said that celebrity appeal can form just as important part of a bid as the quality of the stadiums. "That's a special thing for us."
Flight testing is under way for a new Virgin venture, Virgin Galactic, which will launch space tourists into sub orbit.Branson says the service could be ready within two years.Branson, who received a knighthood in 1999, is famous for his daredevil feats, including round-the-world balloon attempts and transatlantic boat races.
Talk show host Conan O'Brien is locked in a playful feud with the mayor of Newark, New Jersey.Mayor Chris Bollwage claims that Newark airport's Terminal A actually lies within his municipality and he intends to rename it the Conan O'Brien Terminal if and when the talk show host ever decides to visit.On Monday's show O'Brien wrapped up his latest Newark segment, but not the feud, by declaring, "It's your move, Mayor Booker."
2005 champions Croatia, last year's runners-up Czech Republic and France sealed their quarterfinal places on Saturday against Ecuador, Belgium and Germany respectively.France's home clash with Spain is already whetting the appetite of tennis fans. "It'll be like a final, it's the kind of thing you dream about," France captain Guy Forget told the official Davis Cup Web site www.daviscup.com.
Caceres won the league title with River Plate in 1991 and the European Cup Winners Cup with Spanish side Real Zaragoza in 1995.He played 24 games for Argentina, helping them to the Copa America in 1993 before appearing at the World Cup finals in the United States a year later.Caceres ended his playing career at his original club of Argentinos Juniors in 2007 and has been coaching at Independiente.
Defenders: Maicon (Inter Milan), Daniel Alves (Barcelona), Lucio (Inter Milan), Juan (Roma), Thiago Silva (AC Milan), Luisao (Benfica), Michel Bastos (Lyon).Midfielders: Gilberto (Cruzeiro), Gilberto Silva (Panathinaikos), Felipe Melo (Juventus), Josue (Wolfsburg), Kleberson (Flamengo), Ramires (Benfica), Elano (Galatasaray).Forwards: Kaka (Real Madrid), Robinho (Santos), Nilmar (Villarreal), Luis Fabiano (Sevilla), Adriano (Flamengo), Julio Baptista (Roma).
It's a business.Once they stop making money off of you they stop coming around," Lopez said.© 2010 People and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Ali al-Marri pleaded guilty in federal court in Illinois in May to conspiring to provide material support to a terrorist organization.Mohammed approached al-Marri in 2001 about his offer to assist al Qaeda, the plea agreement said. "CNN's Carol Cratty contributed to this report.
This is Iraq which we have wagered on and we congratulate the Iraqis for this," al-Sabah said, according to Kuwait's official news agency.Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, who met with the delegation during the trip last year, said in a statement he told the Kuwaitis that the Hussein regime "harmed Arab relations." "Some Arabs still view Iraq the same way they did under Saddam, but we tell them Iraq today is built on a constitution and on democracy," al-Maliki said at the time.
The rule protects the rights of health care providers who refuse to participate in certain procedures.We do not want to impose new limitations on services that would allow providers to refuse to provide to women and their families services like family planning and contraception that would actually help prevent the need for an abortion in the first place," a U.S. Department of Health and Human Services official said in February.CNN's Saundra Young contributed to this report.
Army spokesman Lt.Suspicion fell on Ampatuan after a government construction vehicle was found at the hastily dug mass grave that held the bodies of the massacre victims.CNN's Talia Kayali contributed to this report.
He said he "cannot take part in something that has been bad from the start, and where my fundamental rights have been violated."Nobody can get through this material better than I can, no lawyer.Milosevic died in 2006 while on trial at The Hague.
Hawaiian Airlines Flight 39 took off from Portland at 10:10 a.m. with 231 passengers and a crew of 10 when -- 90 minutes into the flight -- its captain decided to turn around the Boeing 767, said Keoni Wagner, the airline's vice president of public affairs.John Hughel said command post officials told him they did not know who had placed the call for the escort.CNN's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this story.
A NASA satellite image shows Typhoon Parma as it headed toward the Philippines on Friday.The storm affected nearly 2 million people and forced the evacuation of 567,000.CNN's Eunice Yoon and Pamela Boykoff in Cabantuan City, and Josh Levs in Atlanta contributed to this report.
He made his first mark in Hollywood last year with a role in "Speed Racer" appearing alongside Christina Ricci and Matthew Fox.As a singer with five albums to his name, he's faced thousands of screaming fans at concerts across the world, and recently he faced your questions.Watch the show and find out what makes Rain tick.
If these resources are starting to look similar to your eye, remember you don't have to use all of them - just pick the one that works best for your needs.Splashup-- Splashup "is a powerful editing tool and photo manager.We'd love to know about it.
We're moving forward with one of the largest relief efforts in our history to save lives and to deliver relief that averts an even larger catastrophe," Obama said.Still, although some progress could be observed four days after Tuesday's devastating earthquake, problems persisted.CNN's Karl Penhaul, Arthur Brice, Elise Labott, Laurie Ure and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report.
About 20 minutes later, a second large explosion occurred.Afghan police blocked off roads leading to the area of the blasts.CNN's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report
No matter how big your incentive is, if someone doesn't have a good experience, they're not going to be back," he said.We're trying to be the smartest," Syrett said.In other words, offer a hefty tax rebate -- and roll camera.
Karzai toured the city in Helmand province with Gen. Stanley McChrystal, the U.S. commander in Afghanistan.Now, the Afghan government is in the process of recruiting Marjah citizens to join a new police force that would be trained by the Marines.Journalist Matiullah Mati contributed to this report.
Peter James Bethune, 44, is accused of jumping from a Jet Ski onto the Shonan Maru 2, the security ship of a Japanese whaling fleet, after the Ady Gil boat, of which Bethune was captain, sank.But whaling is allowed under international law when done for scientific reasons, which Japan cites as the legal basis for its hunts.The country's annual hunt kills up to 1,000 whales a year.
Andrew Blaustein, who began documenting amphibian declines two decades ago, said the loss of species was part of an overall biodiversity crisis. "Amphibians seem to have been hit the hardest of all vertebrate species," said Blaustein, a professor of zoology at Oregon State University. "The long-term ecological repercussions of their decline could be profound, and we have to do something about it."
We already are doing a lot of security operations in Kandahar, but it's our intent -- under President [Hamid] Karzai -- to make an even greater effort there," Gen. Stanley McChrystal told a joint news conference Monday with Mark Sedwill, the NATO senior civilian representative to the country.That's the key to success here."McChrystal said that in addition to the strategic importance of the Marjah offensive, the operation was a "demonstration to the Afghan people, to the international community, to the Pakistanis, and very important to the Taliban as well, that things have changed."
He says in a statement on his own Web site that the series "started out as a parody of all the fantasy that was around in the big boom of the early '80s, then turned into a satire on just about everything, and even I don't know what it is now."Pratchett, who began writing while a provincial newspaper journalist in the 1960s, received the Order of the British Empire "for services to literature" from the Prince of Wales in 1998.E-mail to a friend
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili, said there were "unpredictable people" in the area. "The following day, Russian tanks, troops and armored vehicles poured into South Ossetia and another breakaway Georgian territory, Abkhazia, advancing into Georgian cities outside the rebel regions.The two sides blamed each other for starting the conflict and have accused each other of a variety of offenses leading up to and during the fighting, including ethnic cleansing.
The delight of my eyes."Oprah.com: Tap into your right-brain thinking There may be a physiological explanation for these results.TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
All will leave office when parliamentary polls are held in December.Talabani is the head of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) party.CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
The 12-term congressman, who served the state's second congressional district, had been in a meeting Wednesday morning with a friend when he complained of difficulty breathing, said Yana Ogletree, a spokeswoman for Memorial Medical Center in Lufkin.The book and the film told the story of Wilson's efforts to get weapons to Mujahedeen fighters after Soviets invaded Afghanistan. "CNN's Todd Leopold contributed to this report.
Coupled with low humidity and strong winds, the soaring temperatures will make it ripe for fires to ignite.Any fire that breaks out will be uncontrollable, the fire service said.People in their path will likely die, it added.
At least 540 people were wounded in Sunday's attacks, the deadliest in the capital in more than two years, the ministry said.The president, prime minister and other top officials are scheduled to meet Monday to discuss the elections law and security concerns.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh, Mohammed Jamjoom, and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
Watkins told EW she thinks the new hires will be "exquisite" on the show and said she would take Michaels' advice to pursue her own show.Meanwhile, "SNL" veteran Darrell Hammond is still negotiating for a return to the show, Variety reports. "Saturday Night Live" kicks off its 35th season on September 26.
Let me say this, that we do remain hopeful that baby Gabriel is alive," William McManus, chief of the San Antonio Police Department, said at a news conference at the landfill. "The part of the landfill that will be searched has been pinpointed, according to McManus.We are doing everything that we can to try to track down baby Gabriel, and hopefully we will find that baby alive."
Clinton, the U.N. special envoy to Haiti, will meet with Haitian President Rene Preval and other members of the local government as well as aid workers, to discuss how to proceed with recovery operations.Simply restoring Haiti to its impoverished state prior to the earthquake would amount to failure, Clinton said.I'm glad to help out."
He was 83.Graves was the younger brother of actor James Arness, who starred in the long-running TV series "Gunsmoke," as Marshal Matt Dillon.CNN's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report.
Such a letter normally would prevent career advancement.Myer and his two senior officers are allowed to appeal the punishment.Another U.S. military official familiar with the review said he expects the three officers to meet with Campbell to plead their cases.
Retired Army Gen. Sarath Fonseka faced a panel of three military judges, who are to decide whether he is guilty of participating in politics while still in uniform.The man credited with the military campaign that defeated a quarter-century-long insurgency by the Tamil Tiger rebel movement was arrested last month.Journalist Amal Jayasinghe contributed to this report.
He's lost all my respect, I mean, all the respect I had for the guy is gone, that's pretty much all I can say."The rumors emerged after Woods, 33, was found bleeding and semi-conscious after his car hit a tree and fire hydrant outside his Florida home.He was charged with careless driving, which carries a $164 fine and four points on his driving record.
At the start we had some pretty good points.But then it seemed like it came on pretty suddenly.He said he had done it yesterday, and if you have a bad ankle sprain, it's obviously very difficult to move," Murray next plays Roland Garros finalist Robin Soderling, who reached the quarterfinals in California for the first time after beating ninth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France 6-3 6-4.
It's so antiquated," said one officer who did not want to be identified.Her partner shared her frustration. "It's very inconvenient -- you have to find ink, you have to find this, find that."
In the nationally televised speech Wednesday night to a joint session of Congress, Obama sought to reassure Americans angry and nervous about the pace of economic recovery that his government understands the challenges and would act boldly to meet them.That may be one reason why the number who gave his speech a 'very positive' rating is lower this year.But part of the reason also may be that speech-watchers didn't necessarily hear a new agenda and aren't confident that the president can improve health care or lower the deficit."
In the 1990s, Big Star got back together.Chilton and the band were scheduled to perform at the South by Southwest music festival in Texas this weekend.CNN's Denise Quan contributed to this report.
Hurricane-force winds over the weekend toppled trees, taking power lines with them.The ground is so wet from all the snow we've had this winter, it's helping the trees to topple over as well as our utility poles," said Long Island Power Authority President and CEO Kevin Law. "CNN's Paul Courson, Edmund DeMarche, Henry Hanks and Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report.
Obviously, when people think in terms of the IRS, they get a little bit antsy.Whether it's legislation for a standard home office deduction, which is pending, legislation for additional health credits and concentration on affordability for health care for the self-employed, which is also pending, there's lots of legislation out there to benefit small business.The more and more small businesses we have, I think more emphasis in Washington and at the state level will focus on benefits for the self-employed.
Paul Warner Powell was pronounced dead at 9:09 p.m. at a correctional center in Jarratt, Virginia.With this first-hand account from Powell, he was indicted again and charged with murder and attempted rape of Stacie Reed -- a capital-eligible crime.He was convicted again, and federal and state courts subsequently upheld the conviction on appeal.
Josep Guardiola's reigning champions Barca will face English Premier League side Arsenal in the quarterfinals -- a repeat of the 2006 final which the Spanish club won 2-1.If Liverpool get past Benfica they will face one of the Spanish teams in the semifinal, meaning either an emotional return for striker Fernando Torres to former club Atletico, or for manager Rafael Benitez to the team he used to coach, Valencia.Juventus' conquerors Fulham were drawn against German champions Wolfsburg while Hamburg pulled Belgian side Standard Liege.
Now SeaWorld and the family of Dawn Brancheau are fighting to keep videos and photos related to her death out of the public eye.The medical examiner's office also filed a notice of no objection to the Brancheau family's complaint.A judge granted a temporary order in the case preventing the photos' release pending a hearing on the matter.
I was really shocked.The couple met at the Pakistani Embassy in Washington but moved to Lahore, Pakistan, when their son was very young. "It's not at all consistent with anything we know at all."
Every week, violent, illegal riots take place in the area of Nil'in and Bil'in, during the course of which members of the security forces are wounded and heavy damage is caused to the security fence and to public property," the Israeli military statement read. "According to the Palestinian activist group Popular Struggle, six protesters have been killed in the demonstrations since 2008.The Israeli military says more than a hundred of its soldiers have been wounded.
Later, Pelosi spokesman Nadeam Elshami said that the CBO estimates would not be released Wednesday night.He has a constituency, and many of those people still don't understand why there isn't a public [option]."CNN's Dan Lothian, Charles Riley, Alan Silverleib, Jeff Simon, Deirdre Walsh and Robert Yoon contributed to this report.
Sahil Saeed was released at a school in the Punjab province of Pakistan, said Assistant Chief Constable David Thompson of the Greater Manchester Police in England, near his parents' residence in Oldham.Police arrested some of the kidnappers, said Rana Sanaullah, the provincial law minister.At this stage there are no inquiries that we're carrying out in the UK that would lead me to contemplate that we'd make an arrest in the near future," he said.
The Unite union's leadership aimed to ground the airline through its action, but "the flag will continue to fly," said Willie Walsh, BA chief executive, in a written statement. "Due to the numbers of cabin crew who have called in to offer their services over the weekend, the schedule will be slightly larger than we had originally anticipated," Walsh said.It is not too late for... Unite to call off this action and we will do all we can to reinstate some of the canceled flights," Walsh said in the company's statement Monday.
These appalling assaults on members of our own State Department family are, sadly, part of a growing tragedy besetting many communities in Mexico," Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a statement Sunday night. "Authorities retrieved only one shell casing, from a 9 mm weapon.CNN's Mariano Castillo and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report.
Rep. Henry Waxman, D-California, told reporters Thursday that the budget office's cost estimate "will go a long way to get [fiscally conservative Democrats] to feel comfortable with the legislation."The compromise plan would cut the nation's deficit by $138 billion over the next 10 years, according to the Congressional Budget Office.CNN's Ted Barrett, Dana Bash, Lisa Desjardins, Brianna Keilar and Kristi Keck contributed to this report.
The third victim was identified as Jorge Alberto Salcido Ceniceros, 37, a state police officer who was married to a Mexican employee at the U.S. Consulate.Calderon said last year that 6,500 Mexicans died in drug killings in 2008.No official figures are available, but unofficial tallies this year say more than 17,000 people have been killed since Calderon declared war on the cartels after assuming office in December 2006.
The two gray wolves were tracked down Monday and shot to death from a helicopter near the town of Chignik Lake, Alaska, said wildlife biologist Lem Butler.The carcasses will also be examined to see whether the animals were rabid or starving, or suffering from some condition that led them to attack a human, he said.Wolf Haven in Tenino educates the public about wolves and serves as a haven for about 50 rescued wolves, many of them once kept as pets.
That happened 30 years ago.Selective justice is the highest form of injustice.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bill Donohue.
One of the things about female condoms is that they're a new product to most people," Hader said. "About 30 percent of people infected in Washington are women, and the numbers are growing, said Shannon Hader, senior deputy director of the district's Department of Health.For me the important thing would be that even one women is spared from becoming infected."
VBS.TV is broadband television network of VICE.I think the work that this house and its director Rosalba Rios do -- as weird and unusual as it may seem -- is incredibly valuable.Spending Mother's Day with these brave women forever changed they way l look at prostitution and without a doubt has been one of the most intense parties I've ever attended.
An exhibit featuring all the inductees opened Monday at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum, in Cleveland, Ohio.Their stage outfits, instruments, handwritten lyrics, photographs and more will be on display through March 14, 2011.The museum -- which says it "exists to collect, preserve and interpret the impact the Rock has made on our world" -- features seven floors of exhibition space, spanning 150,000 square feet.
I have supported him, but I haven't had any contact with him," added the Swiss maestro, who was forced to withdraw from the Dubai Open with a lung infection which is set to sideline him for several weeks. "It's been hard to watch from far away but I would love to see him back on the golf course.It is what he does best," added the 16-time grand slam winner.
The two pilots "became distracted by a conversation" about the airline's new work schedule system and by laptop computers they were using in violation of company policy and did not communicate with air traffic control for about 1 hour and 17 minutes while they cruised past their Minneapolis, Minnesota, destination at 37,000 feet, the NTSB said.Both pilots state that they heard radio chatter but did not hear a radio call for NWA188."A spokesman for Delta Airlines, which merged with Northwest, said this week the airlines' internal investigation is continuing.
Toyota's plant in Georgetown, Kentucky, is as big as 156 football fields.Those workers have the mentality the automobile makers want, Randle said.E-mail to a friend
Israel claims sovereignty over all of Jerusalem since it took over East Jerusalem and the West Bank in 1967 in the Six-Day war.The synagogue rededication, however, had been planned for months in advance, according to organizers.CNN's Kevin Flower and Michal Zippori contributed to this report.
Mackey, 39, of Fairbanks has dominated the sport in recent years and is the 2007-2010 Iditarod champion.Fourteen of the original 71 teams that entered this year's race have scratched en route.A "Red Lantern" will be presented to the last place finisher in the dog race, an Alaska tradition dating back to 1953, according to Alaska Magazine.
The waters of the Red River are forecast to rise another foot this weekend, testing the more than a million sandbags stacked as a defensive barrier along Fargo, North Dakota, and Moorhead, Minnesota.Wind gusts up to 40 miles per hour could cause whiteout conditions on roads, the Weather Service said.Snow drifts higher than 2 feet could also occur.
Our concern is that he should get due process."He learned everything the hard way, sacrificed for his children and taught us to be grateful for the good things.Not just for my father, but for the many people that are trying to get their loved ones out of Iran."
The waterway was well beyond its banks along the North Dakota-Minnesota line. "Across the river in Moorhead, Tom Holmgren spent Wednesday filling sandbags as Minnesota State University gave students time off to help with the effort. "CNN's Ed Payne and Jim Kavanagh and CNN Radio's Shelby Erdman contributed to this report.
The International Red Cross notified Nadine Devilme and Junior Alexis in Haiti that DNA testing proves that the infant is theirs, said Mark LaPoint, an attorney representing the baby.Alexis searched through the broken rubble for four days, but found nothing.The DNA tests have taken more than a month because of logistical difficulties getting the test to Haiti and because of a legal dispute over whether the baby should become a ward of the state of Florida or a ward of the U.S. government, says Mark Riordan, a spokesman for the Florida Department of Children and Families.
Arsene Wenger's team moved a point above champions Manchester United, who host Liverpool on Sunday, while Chelsea dropped to third ahead of their trip to Blackburn.The visitors led 2-1 with 17 minutes to play after two goals from striker Caleb Folan, but Portsmouth's on-loan midfielder Jamie O'Hara leveled in the 88th minute with a curled free-kick and the Nigerian veteran Kanu netted a late winner.Portsmouth are still set to be relegated after being docked nine points for going into administration, now 14 points from safety with eight games to play.
The man, identified as Jorge Torres-Puello, is linked to a network that trafficked in Haitian and Central American children and is wanted in the United States, El Salvador and Costa Rica, the National Drug Control Agency said.I know I am innocent and I want to clear my past," he said.Journalist Diulka Perez contributed to this story from Santo Domingo.
The driver of the car told police the 2005 Prius accelerated on its own as she was driving down her employer's driveway on March 9.Police say the car's driver, whose name has not been released pending the investigation, has a clean driving record and there is no reason to believe she is to blame for the accident.If there's definitive information that shows the cause of this accident, absolutely we'll have to release it," Marraccini said.
Our economy is teetering.It was a preventable, avoidable situation.Turning over a check of this magnitude not only to this secretary, but his successor, I think would be the height of irresponsibility.
You might shake your head and mutter, "I don't know if their guard play is good enough."With their sage advice, we offer this wisdom: • Be careful not to talk about a "buzzer beater" unless it's actually happened.CNN's Eliott C. McLaughlin, Steve Almasy, Todd Leopold and Manav Tanneeru contributed their wisdom to this very important report.
White has also continued her work for animal health and well-being, including a 46-year partnership with the Los Angeles Zoo, calling it one of her two loves in life -- alongside show business of course. "It's such fun," she said. "Why should you stop something you enjoy so much?"
However, the U.S. Army is now disputing their ability to serve with their Sikh identity intact," the Sikh Coalition said in an April 14 letter addressed to Defense Secretary Robert Gates.The issue is all-important for the roughly 500,000-strong American Sikh community, which faced hostility after the September 11, 2001, attacks, when people associated them with al Qaeda terrorists because their turbans and beards resembled the militants' appearance. "If they can come up with another policy that would allow Sikhs to serve, I guarantee you, they will have many, many people join from the Sikh community," Kalsi said.
Paul Warner Powell was pronounced dead at 9:09 p.m. ET, the newspaper reported.He again was convicted, and federal and state courts subsequently upheld the conviction on appeal.The Supreme Court appeal is Powell v. Kelly (09-21).
The restaurant, located at the Santa Monica Airport, is known for its exotic fare.We pledge to work hard to re-earn the trust of the public and respect of our customers."Many in the international community believe that such hunts amount to needless slaughter.
Tommy Cavazos, a spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety, said that 18 people were injured in the Americanos tour bus crash on Interstate 37, about 50 miles south of San Antonio in southern Texas.Mark Baldon, who came upon the crash shortly after it happened Tuesday morning, said he saw the bus "smoldering," CNN affiliate KSAT reported.CNN's Divina Mims and Jamie Morrison contributed to this report.
We certainly know that there is a market for these products," Sagebiel said. "We have a closed system here in the U.S. that makes it more difficult to distribute them in the United States for legitimate means."Based in Indianapolis, Indiana, Eli Lilly is the ninth-largest pharmaceutical company in the world.
Clearly, it does not work.the Effect of School Resources on Student Achievement," Gary Burtless argues that the "home environment has strong effects on student achievement, stronger in fact than social class effects."The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Esther Wojcicki.
Doug's campaign," Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele announced, "will receive the financial backing of the RNC and get-out-the-vote efforts to defeat Bill Owens on Tuesday."When both parties are open to sometimes entering into negotiations and reaching agreements, this improves the chances for major policy breakthroughs that will last over time.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer.
DNA tests have confirmed that they belong to Miller and the other missing crew members.Miller will be buried with full military honors at the Dallas-Ft.Worth National Cemetery on March 29.
The rights group filed a motion for a preliminary injunction against a Mississippi school district and high school in federal court Tuesday over the April 2 prom.But all I've ever wanted was to be able to just go to my own school's prom with my girlfriend."What this case comes down to is the school taking the extraordinary measure of canceling the prom, rather than live up to its legal obligation to fairly treat all students who want to come to it."
de Rothschild: A month ago.CNN: What's your biggest hope for the expedition?de Rothschild: Have a long sleep!
Diehard and fair-weather fans alike will take part in office pools, games will be streamed online, and smack will be talked around water coolers. "Some have tried to squash these pools, most simply ignore them and others have found ways to embrace the tournament as a team-building and morale-boosting opportunity."March Madness does it for free."
The Prius' driver, Jim Sikes, called 911 on March 8 after he said his accelerator became stuck as he tried to pass a slower vehicle.Eventually, Neibert used the patrol car's public address system to instruct Sikes to apply the brakes and the emergency brake at the same time.He declined to comment further.
The protesters had launched a blood drive earlier to collect enough samples for the demonstration.By Sunday, tens of thousands of protesters had poured into the center of Bangkok.CNN's Kocha Olarn and Dan Rivers contributed to this report
Everybody is just focused on battling it once again, and they're doing it with smiles on their faces," said Staff Sgt.At least seven deaths were attributed to the storm, five caused by falling trees, authorities said.CNN's Jim Kavanagh, Sean Morris and Ed Payne and CNN Radio's Michelle Wright and Richard Benson contributed to this report.
English Premier League side Chelsea confirmed that the club's captain had driven into one of its security staff as he sought to get past a horde of photographers and fans after the match, the UK Press Association reported on Wednesday.Fellow strugglers Hull City, second from bottom 14 points above Portsmouth, confirmed on Wednesday that Iain Dowie will be the Yorkshire club's new manager until the end of this season.Dowie, who replaces the sacked Phil Brown, has previously coached Charlton, Crystal Palace and Queen's Park Rangers.
He added that the nations disagree on some issues, but says he's confident the differences will soon be overcome.We want to support smaller learning environments.CNN Student News returns tomorrow.
Using a network of Iranian journalists and eager volunteers back in Tehran, the 27-year-old former student collates reports, pictures and video for his Web site astreetjournalist.com.Assessing the latest street demonstrations, Valadbaygi says the protest movement is fragmented with diverse demands but there is a groundswell of public opinion that wants a new secular government. "It's important that a leadership emerges as quickly as possible otherwise it might all die down."
The suspects were identified as Julio Acosta Saucedo, Yesenia Hernandez Valencia, Azael Jesus Garcia Reyes and Julio Acosta Vargas.Gonzalez Lastra said authorities know the identities of the shooters as well as the vehicles used in the attack.Some local police officers were also involved, he said.
Investigators want to know if, during that time, he heeded the call to prayer coming from the hills above Yemen's capital, where an Islamic university headed by a fiery cleric has helped the country earn its reputation as an incubator of extremism.The United States considers him a terrorist, accused in 2004 of supplying weapons to al Qaeda.In Yemen, Al-Iman University is highly respected and its leader admired, making it difficult for investigators to find out for sure if the Christmas Day bombing suspect was ever there.
And naturally, he tempts, above all, the religious leaders, so you shouldn't be surprised if the devil tempts those in the Vatican.But there is a difference between possession -- where the devil takes hold of someone's body and actions -- and temptation, where Satan lures a person into doing evil, he said.People of prayer, holy people, I don't see any evil."
Trade issues are likely to be a major discussion topic between the two leaders; the United States imports billions of dollars in Chinese products each year.Human rights groups say China is propping up repressive regimes to secure its access to critically important raw materials.He'll return to the United States on Friday.
In the day's other match, Aston Villa failed to cash in on slip-ups by their Champions League-chasing rivals after being held 0-0 at home by West Ham.Villa could have closed the gap on the top four after Manchester City, beaten at Everton, and Tottenham, held at home by Hull, both dropped points on Saturday.But a combination of a below-par performance and some fine saves by Robert Green meant they had to settle for their first goalless draw of the league campaign.
Civil defense officials said they are prepared to house up to 30,000 people, but many of those displaced have gone to hotels.Another body was found in the rubble of a student dormitory early Tuesday morning, and at least five other students were believed inside.Pope Benedict XVI was praying for the "victims, especially the children," killed in Monday's quake, the Vatican said, according to Italian news agency ANSA CNN's Paula Newton, Hada Messia and Diana Magnay contributed to this report.
There are several regions in the world -- North America, Europe, Northern and Central Asia -- where we are clearly seeing pandemic influenza activity increase," he said, but "there is no one single place in the world where we are focused on."We really are not going to know what the future is going to bring, and so the main focus of our effort here is... what steps are needed to make sure countries are as prepared as possible to deal with disease levels," he said.WHO, along with other public health authorities, believes that these vaccines are very useful against pandemic infections and [we] do support their use," he said.
The Jets have banned the sale of alcohol on Sunday at the stadium they've called home for 26 years. "But Martin Silver, Majorska's president and CEO, said fans are shocked and outraged that the Jets are treating their supporters "like children."CNN's Kristen Hamill contributed to this report.
Important company notice Newark Liberty International Airport, which is about 15 miles from Manhattan, is the second-largest hub for Continental.The airport handles about 35 million passengers a year.CNN's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report.
I knew that [Robbie] could have had a chance if there was a defibrillator," she says.But seconds later, he turned to see that his son had collapsed right on home plate.All I can do is make it so that no other family ever has to go through this."
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told CNN's "American Morning" on Monday that officials would review how anti-terrorist watch lists are maintained.President Obama, in his first public comment since the incident, said Monday that screening and security procedures for all flights were immediately enhanced, including an increase in the number of air marshals on international flights.CNN's Erin McLaughlin and Brian Todd contributed to this report.
This NASA image shows a large impact near Jupiter's southern pole.The most outstanding feature on Jupiter's surface is the Great Red Spot, a storm of gas that swirls at a speed of about 225 miles (360 kilometers) per hour at its edge.The spot -- which has been shrinking -- has a diameter equal to about three times that of Earth.
The Style A hotel in Tokyo offers amenities. "The industry has 25,000 hotels, and through our research we've worked out that 90 percent of owners have five or fewer hotels," he said.That fragmentation is a structural inefficiency in the market, he said, one he would like to help correct.
Florida in 2001 passed a statute allowing cases to be reopened for DNA testing.I told him and he got very quiet," she told CNN.I'm coming home.'"
Part of a painting of the Queen Mother is visible above Harry's shoulder in the portrait, and paintings from her private collection are seen behind William.Philipps, 45, has had high-profile commissions before, but said it was a "great privilege" to paint the two princes. "They were very good company and although I was commissioned to paint them in their official context, I hope I have also captured some of the brotherly banter that characterized the sittings," she said.
It would be impossible for Apple or developers to keep all potentially objectionable material out of the app store, since much of the content is submitted by users, he said.Joshua Topolsky, editor in chief of Engadget, a technology blog, said the impossibility of policing all app store content should free Apple from some blame. "I think they've really cultivated that."
Rep. Patrick Murphy, a veteran of the Iraq war, says it is time to end "don't ask, don't tell."There is no clear timeline for when the bill will be debated in Congress.Obama has said he will sign the repeal if it comes to his desk.
Now, there is only mud.With each passing day, the scope of the devastation grows.CNN's Arwa Damon and Ben Adams near Padang, Indonesia; Andy Saputra in Jakarta, Indonesia; and Tricia Escobedo in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report.
Tila Tequila went quiet on Twitter after an alleged violent incident with an NFL player.The high-profile nature of the domestic violence case involving singers Chris Brown and Rihanna has heightened public interest in such incidents, Pasulka added.In one of her postings, Nguyen offered a few hopeful words early Monday morning via Twitter: "The truth will set you free.... God is with me."
Press TV late Sunday quoted unnamed police officials as identifying one of the dead as "Seyyed Ali Mousavi" but it did not mention the elder Mousavi or any relationship between the two men.This could very well end up being one of those indicators that this is not just going to end -- this is going to go for something that can be causing a dramatic change, not only in Iran but in the region as a whole." --CNN's Josh Levs contributed to this report
But prosecutors responded, saying Garrido was attempting to manipulate public perceptions of the case.Our office fully intends to hold Mr. Garrido legally accountable for his actions and see that he is punished to the full extent of the law," the statement said, noting that the assertion was "eerily similar to what Mr. Garrido told the judge who sentenced him in 1977 and the parole board when he duped them into releasing him from prison after serving only 11 years of a 50-year federal sentence... " Garrido's letter, which is the third sent to KCRA, also addressed other issues, but the station declined to release more details. "He also acknowledged that Dugard would have to relive the trauma in court by sharing the "very, very sordid tale."
TOMS founder and entrepreneur Blake Mycoskie says he wanted to make money and do good at the same time. "Mycoskie eventually sold the company and began other ventures, including an outdoor advertising company and a 24-hours-a-day, 7-days-a-week reality TV channel, which he launched after appearing on the second season of "The Amazing Race" with his sister.They finished the competition in third place (missing out on the million-dollar prize by just four minutes), but the experience exposed Mycoskie to the astounding amount of poverty in the world -- a problem that TOMS is tackling today, one pair of shoes at a time.
But we have already started the process of appeals.Despite the pain the trial has brought Knox's family, Huff stressed it is nothing compared to what victim Meredith Kercher's family has gone through. "They still don't have closure, they may think they are vindicated with the guilty verdict but we know it doesn't bring their daughter back," she said.
Dear @SouthwestAir - I know I'm fat, but was Captain Leysath really justified in throwing me off a flight for which I was already seated?"Yet there's a difference, Ostrow said, between responding and being able to fix the problem. "We'd want to know about it not only because we want happy customers but because we want to make sure that that never happens again."
Taking the form of a giant H-shaped frame, the prototype FEG has four huge blades at the four points of the H, each blade 10.7 meters (35 feet) in diameter.Or could they help save the planet?Share your views and read others' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum.
And in October, he told The New York Times, "We've been very caring, very supportive, very generous over these 20-something years.Nathan will not be going back to the hospital and will die at home, Bond said.She can't afford a part-time nurse to help take care of him in his last days, but said she hopes the church lives up to its word.
He's just a regular guy."The Houston case offers a glimpse into the underworld of illegal gun trafficking and how Mexican drug cartels find much of their firepower in the United States.These folks that are out buying these guns, they're just as responsible as the people pulling the trigger and killing people in Mexico," said Webb, Houston's top ATF agent.
But that's not easy.Her eldest son receives disability payments of $632 per month, which supports the family, she said.CNN's Tom Watkins contributed to this report.
Matthew Belloni, who has has been following the Polanski case for The Hollywood Reporter's legal blog, said the outpouring of support from the film industry is not surprising. "If Hollywood really gets to look at itself and judge the personal character of a lot of the artists in the community, there would be a lot of empty seats at the Oscars because a lot of people have personal problems.I never wanted him to go to jail."
Businessman Khalid Musa and his daughter, Marjorie, were killed, Rosenberg said, because they had refused to participate in acts of corruption as the president wanted.Just these two brothers."That means, he said, that more than 96 percent of the killings in 2009 were not solved.
So with 2 to 4 inches of snow expected to fall there starting Thursday afternoon, road crews were filling trucks with the sand that's typically reserved for filling cave-ins and for sandbagging during floods. "But by Thursday night, Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport had already measured a snowfall of 9.4 inches, which broke the record of 7.8 inches set on January 14, 1917, and matched on January 15, 1964, the National Weather Service reported.In Shreveport, Louisiana, where snow had been falling since dawn, the staff at the Naked Bean Cafe said it had only six customers by noon, down from around 30 on a typical day.
Mahmoud Othman said the United States urged the Kurdish majority in the northern oil-rich province of Kirkuk to agree to a proposal that would settle issues about the law that spells out how the election will be carried out.Iraq's election commission has said it needs at least 90 days after passage of any election law to prepare to carry out elections, which U.S. and Iraqi government officials call a vital step in Iraqi efforts to solidify a democratic system in the post-Saddam Hussein era.CNN's Mohammed Jamjoom and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this story from Baghdad, Iraq.
Among the agencies involved in Operation Knock Down -- taking place in southern New Mexico and in the vicinity of El Paso, Texas -- are the FBI and the Drug Enforcement Administration, said DEA spokesman David Ausiello.No official numbers are available, but more than 400 killings have been reported in local media this year.CNN's Arthur Brice contributed to this story.
I don't think there are any damages, at least around here," said Mabel Martinez, who runs another bed and breakfast in Santiago de Cuba. "But people are definitely alarmed."CNN's Shasta Darlington contributed to this story from Havana.
In scenes calmly mirroring the events of November 9, 1989, crowds thronged through the center of the once-divided city, joining German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a symbolic re-enactment of the first crossing of the breached Wall. "We have a responsibility to address conditions everywhere that undermine the potential of boys and girls and men and women that sap human dignity and threaten global progress."CNN's Barry Neild contributed to this story
It was a catastrophe waiting to happen," Raymond Alcide Joseph told CNN from Washington shortly after a 7.0 earthquake leveled parts of his home country, cutting power and phone lines in the capital city of Port-au-Prince. "Instead of building concrete structures, they built shanties, he said. "My fear is that they all fell down."
Though they bring much-needed relief to often-parched farmlands, they also leave a trail of landslides, home collapses and floods that can kill.In neighboring Pakistan, torrential monsoon rains left more than three dozen people dead and broke a 32-year record over the weekend.CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report.
Despite lying fifth in the Spanish Primera Liga table, Sevilla were knocked out of the lucrative European Champions League by Russian side CSKA Moscow last week.Rodriguez said a new manager would be in place for Sunday's game with Villarreal. "The matter will be resolved as soon as possible and he [the new manager] will be sitting on the bench for Sundays match," he added.
Berkoff, and everyone else I talked to about 3D TV, reminded me that a good 3D TV is also a good 2D TV.While I find viewing 3D imagery uncomfortable, Daniel Terdiman, another person at CNET who can't see 3D, saw the 3D version of Avatar and wore the 3D glasses.CNET, CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. Used by permission.
Simply put, the teacher's actions were wrong and cannot be condoned under any circumstances," Jane Sessums, president of the Central Falls Teachers Union, said in a written statement. "When the president of the United States celebrates a superintendent of schools for mass firing an entire faculty of teachers, then that is saying something about his attitude toward teachers," she said. "And it's not a healthy attitude."
In a statement published Friday on the prime minister's official Web site, Brown said the UK government will be working with the U.S. to "examine a range of new techniques to enhance airport security systems beyond traditional measures, such as pat-down searches and sniffer dogs."The UK," Brown said, "will continually explore the most sophisticated devices capable of identifying explosives, guns, knives and other such items anywhere on the body."The key to tackling terrorism was "vigilance" Brown said, but the Detroit incident was "a wake-up call...not just for security against terror but for the hearts and minds of a generation."
Zakaria: There are huge obstacles on the Palestinian side: First of all, the divided Palestinian authority -- Hamas being in charge in Gaza and the Palestinian Authority in charge on the West Bank.CNN: The so-called proximity peace talks were delayed as a result of this dispute?But it's a far cry from the man who wants to present himself as an international statesman or even an important figure in Israel's history.... He's turning out to be a political hack who spends his time counting the votes in the Knesset rather than thinking about his legacy in the history books.... The image is of a Churchillian statesman, and the reality is of a local alderman counting the votes.
All of the buildings of the Good Shepherd Orphanage, about eight miles from the capital of Port-au-Prince, were "damaged beyond repair," including the dormitories, said David Zimmer, treasurer for the Good Shepherd Orphanage and Schools Foundation.Zimmer said he plans to fly into Port-au-Prince on Tuesday.View or add to CNN's database of missing persons in Haiti CNN's Khadijah Rentas and Stan Wilson contributed to this report
I lost at least 10 pounds on the painting alone," he said. "Klein's man cave, however, was the only one to combine dramatic weight loss and cross-dressing, so we had to give him a call to find out more.E-mail to a friend
Ireland, who won all five matches last year to complete a Grand Slam, led 23-8 at halftime in Dublin but could not run away with victory against a determined visiting team.He has made an impulsive decision, and hopefully it is a learning experience for him and he doesn't do it again."France travel to Scotland for the opening round's other match on Sunday.
France winger Vincent Clerc praised teammate Bastareaud, who was banned for three months after his admission of lying. "It was a good performance after some problems in July.He had a great match with two tries and some great defense," Clerc said.
Voting for Iraqis abroad also is happening in 16 countries starting Friday -- including the United States, United Kingdom, Turkey, Iran, Canada and others in the Middle East and Europe.A Shiite-led government emerged and the Sunnis, feeling disenfranchised, went on to form the main part of the insurgency.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report.
Insurance companies will collapse because they'll have no pool of money to pay for the claims that start coming in, and we'll be in a world of hurt again."We have seen people unable to find insurance because of a pre-existing condition," she said, likening the bill to a form of "justice" promised in the Constitution.So I hope this bill will help our situation, and the situations of people much less fortunate than ourselves."
The object moved erratically from side to side, up and down and to and fro, not venturing far from its original position," the officers wrote.The Ministry of Defense said it examined the reports and held onto the records solely to determine whether enemy aircraft had infiltrated British airspace.We now know that this particular circle near Andover was one of the ones that was created as a hoax by these two men," he said.
Beckham, who returns to Milan in January as he bids to win a place in England's World Cup squad, believes this season's achievements have already gone some way for making up for the previous two seasons. "We want to win next week but reaching it is the biggest thing," he told the UK Press Association. "We've done that, done the hard work and this team deserves it."
The incident evoked memories of Rep. Joe Wilson, a South Carolina Republican, who yelled "you lie" during Obama's health care speech to a joint session of Congress in September.Wilson also apologized, and the House formally reprimanded him for the outburst.CNN's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report.
He was then arrested on return to Kenya, further outraging some Muslim leaders.Alfred Mutua, Kenya's government spokesman, has since said that el-Faisal has successfully been deported.However, the government has given mixed signals as to whether he has actually left.
Why else would PETA organize an army of zombies to protest outside of KFC restaurants?For many vegan and vegetarian activists, getting coverage is an art.The Avengers have not been heard from since their single appearance.
He dies muttering the immortal lines "It was Kamal's men."John McEnroe: The former bad boy of tennis, famous for his rants and run-ins with umpires, would appear to have all the ingredients for a director looking to add a star name to his film credits and with a bit of acting ability to boot.Judging by the efforts of his predecessors he might need them.
Despite the river peaking at 36.99 feet -- 19 feet above flood level -- Sunday morning, the region will have to contend with high water for a while. "Last year, the Red River crested at nearly 41 feet -- a record and about 4 feet higher than this year's level.CNN Radio's Shelby Erdman and CNN's Aaron Cooper, Justin Lear, Dina Majoli, Khadijah Rentas and Reynolds Wolf contributed to this report.
The NTSB animation shows two planes nearly colliding at the San Francisco International Airport in May. The first animation shows a Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 and a United Airlines Airbus A320 coming within 230 feet of colliding on the runway at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida in July.The Federal Aviation Administration reported that serious runway incursions were reduced by 25 percent in 2007, but the NTSB said much work remains on runway safety and systems to notify pilots when they are about to collide with another plane or vehicle.E-mail to a friend CNN's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report.
Osim also supported The Healthy Walk Event in Taiwan, as well as major cultural events in Malaysia in 2005 and 2006.Osim was Awarded the Most Transparent Company Award (Commerce) in SIAS Investors' Choice Awards 2004 and 2005.E-mail to a friend
Soldiers carried out raids Thursday in the cities of El Carmen, Sabinas, Vallecillo and Paras. "Hours-long gun battles are common, and U.S. officials were recently forced to temporarily close the consulate in the city of Reynosa.Mexicans say tourism along the border has declined this year, with one business owner in Tijuana telling CNN that his business has dropped 40 percent.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives released the drawings Friday at a news conference in Tyler, Texas.Police patrols have been stepped up near churches, and in some cases church members are staying at their churches to protect them or patrolling around the churches themselves. "It was kind of twisted, but we're going to have it restored," she said.
2 tennis ranking after winning through to the final of the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells in California.I knew that I had to fight till the last point to win this match. "I think there's a lot to build on," she said.
The company that owns Santa Monica's The Hump restaurant had already apologized for the whale meat accusation earlier in the week.A receipt from the restaurant at the end of the meal identified their selection as "whale" and "horse" with a cost of $85 written next to them.CNN's Sonya Hamaski contributed to this report.
This will be his last season.The Fox executives said they're not going to rush to find Cowell's replacement.CNN's KJ Matthews contributed to this story.
In Washington, Clinton said she agreed with special envoy Stephen Bosworth that the talks were "very useful," adding, "It does remain to be seen whether and when the North Koreans will return to the six-party talks, but the bottom line is that these were exploratory talks, not negotiations."A joint statement issued by the six-party nations in September 2005 said North Korea had "committed to abandoning all nuclear weapons and existing nuclear programs."CNN's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report.
Highlights of Obama's proposal Under Obama's plan: • The health and human services secretary would work with a seven-member board of doctors, economists and consumer and insurance representatives to review premium hikes.We took our best shot at bridging the differences" between the House and Senate bills. "CNN's Dana Bash, Lisa Desjardins, Kristi Keck, Suzanne Malveaux, Alan Silverleib and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report.
The self-contained tents would replace government buildings destroyed a month ago by the devastating earthquake that killed at least 200,000 people, Nevada real estate developer Tom Schrade said Thursday.The economic downturn derailed Schrade's plan to use the tents at a hotel in Reno, he said.Cirque du Soleil is a Canadian-based traveling circus based on street performance art.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes the UK's tax rate rise will hurt the Premier League's competitiveness.The Premier League's ability to remain the most marketable league in the world has been built on the ability to attract the best talent.Highest-paid players and top rates of tax per country Italy 43 per cent Zlatan Ibrahimovic (Internazionale), Ricardo Kaka (AC Milan) $12m each Spain 43 percent (24 percent for non-nationals) Lionel Messi (Barcelona) $11.2m England 50 percent John Terry, Frank Lampard (both Chelsea) $10.1m each USA 35 percent David Beckham (Los Angeles Galaxy) $6.5m Argentina 35 per cent Juan Roman Riquelme (Boca Juniors) $4.5m Russia 13 percent Anatoliy Tymoshchuk (Zenit St Petersburg) $4m Japan 50 percent Naohiro Takahara (Urawa Red Diamonds) $1.74m Sources: Total Football Magazine, MLS Players Union, Futebol Finance
Unfortunately, that audience will have to wait.Let's hope the Supreme Court quickly rescinds its order blocking online distribution of the Prop 8 trial video.The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Peter Scheer.
The friends, because of circumstance, have parted.In the center is Jerry Lucas of the Cincinnati Royals.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene.
As thousands of Haitians gathered in the center of Port-au-Prince to remember what was lost that day, Ann Veneman, executive director of UNICEF, spoke to CNN's "American Morning" about the situation. "E-mail us at factcheck@cnn.com.CNN Radio's Steve Kastenbaum and CNN Weather Anchor Chad Myers contributed to this report.
There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries.Are you in Venezuela?Share your images, video
Eyes on the prize: Yelena Isinbayeva has often complained about a lack of real competition in her event.After defending her title in Beijing, her place in the sporting pantheon of great female athletes seems secure.While emulating Bubka, Isinbayeva has said before that closing the gap between the heights the men and women can jump is another of her personal challenges, and with her own talent and the help of Bubka's former coach she may go a long way towards achieving that.
The Argentines blame "unilateral moves" by the British companies toward exploration as the reason for the recent spat. "The companies that are planning to explore and exploit gas and oil are going to be met with legal challenges because they are doing it on a continental shelf that Argentina maintains is our own," Argentine congressman Ruperto Godoy told CNN.CNN's Brian Byrnes and Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report.
On Tuesday, Obama said that speech sent the right message, but he warned that "the days of providing a blank check are over." "Obama also said he is asking NATO allies to send more troops to Afghanistan.CNN's Mike Mount, Larry Shaughnessy, Jill Dougherty and Jason Hanna contributed to this report.
Dramatic Haiti earthquake Twitter pictures swept across the Web, while tech giants mobilized.Social media spread the word.All rights reserved.
This is why I want to cherish the moments, and I've had a lot of luck in my career and also today," Ammann, who was in 2002 nicknamed the "Harry Potter of ski-jumping" due to his likeness to J.K. Rowling's boy wizard, told reporters.Her points tally of 26.63 lifted her above Heil's 25.69, which gave hosts Canada a first medal, with U.S. national champion Bahrke tallying 25.43 to add to her silver medal from Turin in 2002.American medal hope Lindsey Vonn has entered in both disciplines, among five she will be competing in, having shrugged off recent injury problems.
The alert comes after repeated instances in which planes above the Newark airport flew too close to each other in violation of safety standards.Last week the Office of Special Counsel raised the matter with President Obama, writing that "we found a substantial likelihood that FAA officials were engaging in conduct that constitutes gross mismanagement and a substantial and specific danger to public safety."Meanwhile, after a year out of the control tower, Adams returned to his regular job Wednesday at Newark air traffic control.
Jill Haugen was arrested at her home in Milton, Pennsylvania, on Tuesday, days after she had contacted police saying she didn't want to take care of her sons any longer, Milton Police Chief Craig Lutcher told CNN.Asked about the abuse, Connington denied any wrongdoing and said he had offered during the custody hearings to do whatever he needed to prove his innocence.CNN's Shirley Zilberstein contributed to this report.
Ronnie Biggs, pictured at a book launch in Rio de Janeiro in 1994.Since his return Biggs and his family have campaigned for his parole on compassionate grounds -- an appeal until now rejected by successive justice ministers on the grounds that Biggs had never shown any remorse for his actions.Michael Biggs said his father had expressed regret for the robbery -- but not for the life he had led in the years since the crime.
In the past two months, Motorola released two new Android-based handsets, the Cliq and Droid.Apple has tightly controlled the introduction of new iPhones and updates to its operating system.Copyright 2010 Wired.com.
Jillian Thorp and Charles Dietsch of the Catholic Diocese of Norwich, Connecticut, were pulled from the remains of the three-story house after a night of digging by four mission workers, Thorp's father said. "I think that's the only word for it," said the father, Clay Cook, of Old Saybrook, Connecticut.CNN's Katie Hawkins-Gaar, Mark Norman and Hanna Yi contributed to this report.
The proposed fines are the latest in a string of multimillion dollar fines the FAA has proposed against airlines for failing to follow repair orders.In October, the FAA proposed to fine US Airways $5.4 million and United $3.8 million for other maintenance violations.In March, Southwest Airlines agreed to pay $7.5 million to settle a complaint that it flew unsafe planes.
Until recently, the family has always brought in a double income. "In addition, the Sandbergs are spending $190 each month on their phone, Internet and cable bill and $350 a month eating out at restaurants.TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
In the meantime, some carriers are organizing relief efforts.The airline's operations in the Dominican Republic have not been disrupted, but customers who don't feel comfortable flying can move their flights back, spokeswoman Alison Croyle said.Passengers who were scheduled to fly to, from or through Puerto Plata, Santiago or Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic on Wednesday may cancel without penalty and receive a full refund or reschedule to fly Thursday or Friday with no fees, Croyle said.
Rather than exporting revolution, Cuba today exports doctors -- with more than 30,000 Cuban doctors working in more than 100 underdeveloped countries around the world.Now is the time for the U.S., Cuba and other major Latin American nations to throw their weight into stopping a worse human tragedy in Haiti than already exists -- and to potentially unite American and Cuban soft power efforts in a way that creates greater positives for Haiti and for longer-term, 21st century U.S.-Cuba relations.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Clemons.
View the eclipse in pictures » "It may not cause any physical harm to the baby, but it may affect the child's overall personality," said R.K. Sharma, who describes himself as a "remedial astrologer."A solar eclipse, he says, weakens the sun god temporarily because of an encounter with dragon Rahu and leaves some cascading results everywhere. "Bathing in holy rivers and ponds during this time thus helps protect health and develop positivism and greater will power," he explained.
See photos of Candace Bushnell's New York. »I was incredibly determined -- I wrote short stories, I wrote the beginnings of novels.CB: It's exciting, passionate, fast paced, straightforward and, strangely enough, it's friendly.
Arcade Comeaux Jr., 49, "produced a weapon and fired upon two correctional officers, took them hostage and forced them to drive to Baytown, Texas," the U.S. Marshals Service said in a statement.The last one was several years ago."Texas Department of Criminal Justice Executive Director Brad Livingston, who has been in the job since 2005, did not immediately respond to a call seeking comment.
He said any link between Anderson's release and her mother's position on the board was "laughable."Fluckiger told CNN affiliate WCVB-TV in Boston, "Police interviewed her, and she told me about it.CNN's Brooke Baldwin and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report.
The EPA said in April that it would likely make such a ruling regarding carbon emissions and public health.The agency completed a public-comment process before making the announcement.CNN's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report.
I couldn't help but sob myself."Mangine and her husband Nick have lived in Jacmel since April 2009 working with the organization "Joy in Hope, " and are houseparents at a home for orphaned children.CNN's Steve Almasy contributed to this report.
I am deeply aware of the disappointment and hurt that my infidelity has caused to so many people, most of all my wife and children," the statement says. "His priorities are where they need to be, and we will continue to respect and honor his family's request for privacy," the PGA Tour said in a statement Friday. "We look forward to Tiger's return to the PGA Tour when he determines the time is right for him."
Tuvalu is the world's fourth smallest country behind Vatican City, Monaco and Pacific Ocean neighbor Nauru.To me it's not an easy issue to solve, particularly in terms of trying to get the commitment of rich countries," Pita says. "I can, of course, understand their reasoning and how they look at the issue but I think what we need to do is to continue raising our concerns and hopefully one day the community will listen and try to commit something."
The victim died in January in the northern city of Santander, according to the statement, which did not provide further details.The city of Santander is in the nearby Cantabria province.The first confirmed death from mad cow disease in Spain was in 2005, when a young woman died near Madrid.
Privacy experts with the ACLU are concerned the walk-through scanning machine is too invasive.In the United States, some courthouses and jails are trying it.E-mail to a friend
The efforts, coordinated with the governments of both countries, will eventually take the children back to Haiti.Some will be reunited with parents who lost communication with their children in the quake's aftermath, the group said.View or add to CNN's database of missing persons in Haiti CNN's Melissa Gray and Richard Greene in London contributed to this report.
The program also showed Mossad attacking the Turkish embassy in Tel Aviv and taking the ambassador and his family hostage.Israel summoned the Turkish ambassador the same day that Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan lambasted Israel for air strikes Sunday on Gaza, the Turkish state-run Anatolian News Agency reported. "CNN's Kevin Flower and Shira Medding contributed to this report.
Barring a few stone-pelting incidents, the overall situation in Kashmir remained peaceful today," Farooq Ahmad, inspector general of police in the Kashmir zone, told CNN.Authorities arrested two senior leaders of the pro-dialogue moderate separatist conglomerate All Parties Hurriyat Conference (APHC) and placed its chairman, Mirwaiz Moulvi Umar Farooq, under house arrest today, according to police.Authorities said they were arrested to prevent them from fomenting trouble in the city.
Washington served from 1789 to 1797, then died of a throat infection two years later.He died at his beloved Mount Vernon at age 67, plunging the nation into months of mourning.Last year, a 1864 letter in which President Abraham Lincoln replies to the abolitionist pleas of youth sold for $3.4 million.
Iraqi fishermen ride their motor boat in the waters of the Tigris River in Baghdad.But at the start of the meeting at a hotel in the Turkish capital, Turkey's energy minister seemed to rule out delivering significant quantities of additional water to Iraq and Syria. "This week, Turkey's foreign minister shuttled between Baghdad and Damascus, carrying messages between the two capitals in an effort to defuse tensions.
Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai, left, and President Robert Mugabe have a power-sharing agreement.They are giving protection to her but not us who want to feed the nation," he said.At other farms, militia armed with guns tried unsuccessfully to prevent the government delegation from entering.
He and 12 of the children had been freed as of Saturday morning, but the remaining children were in the back of the house when the earthquake hit.A New York-based philanthropist, Bazin, 54, has been in Haiti since December 13.I cannot just leave them like that," he said.
Golf memorabilia is very collectable and clubs in mint condition can go for a lot of money at auction.There is still a healthy appetite for golf memorabilia at auction, the most popular items tend to be programs -- those from the majors and also the Ryder Cup are particularly collectable and ones from the 1930s and 1940s can fetch upwards of $800. "The earliest set of woods and irons are thought to date from the early 1600s, though it has proved hard to accurately date the equipment thus far.
When you're helping people... they're getting what they need," Eyzaguierre said. "Since then, Mulroney has moved to Florida.She says she's taking the hope, faith and job skills St. Joseph's Career Community Network provided and will probably join another job networking group at a local church, in her ongoing search for a steady paycheck.
But she was stuck in the "satellite," or second building, of Terminal 4, which is connected to the main building and the street by an underground train.Police caught up with her before she left the satellite terminal.The two would-be smugglers probably expected a cash payment and return flight tickets to Brazil from their drug trafficking contacts, the Civil Guard spokeswoman said.
Bild, which said it had access to confidential documents and posted a video of the airstrike on its Web site, reported that German Colonel Georg Klein was not able to rule out the possibility of civilian victims before he ordered the strike.Bild said a report dated September 6 -- two days after the strike -- made clear that it was impossible for Klein to verify information his informant had provided before he called in the airstrike.CNN's Diana Magnay contributed to this report.
However, Japanese authorities deny their ship intentionally hit the catamaran and have said the activists were harassing their whaling fleet.The incident highlights an ongoing feud between Japanese whaling fleets and conservation agencies -- especially Sea Shepherd.CNN's Kyung Lah contributed to this report
Petty Officer 2nd Class Jonathan Keefe, 25, is charged with dereliction of duty and impeding an official investigation surrounding the Iraqi's detention last September.Tierney Carlos, announced he wants the cases of Keefe and Huertas moved to Camp Victory in Iraq to give them the ability to question the alleged victim in court. "Their military careers would be over," one of their attorneys told CNN.
A French excavation team was working the site, which collapsed in the January 12 earthquake, said Lt.He was likely not pinned down, she said, but scrapes on his hands and feet indicate he may have tried to climb out.CNN's Ingrid Formanek and Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report.
Joseph Hedlund Johnson, of Salem, Oregon, was charged with the federal crime of interference with the performance and duties of a flight crew member or attendant.The pilot told investigators that, considering Johnson's earlier behavior regarding his bag, he felt threatened by the card and decided -- now about 90 minutes into the flight -- to turn the jet around.CNN was unable to contact Johnson or Miller.
The holiday marks the start of spring.The forces were preventing the opposition leaders and their followers from reaching Azadi, or Freedom Square, where Ahmadinejad delivered an anniversary address extolling the country's nuclear program to supporters.One video showed a man apparently stripped from the waist up put in a choke hold and punched in the head by a helmeted security force member.
The legal battle over Proposition 8 has prompted passionate debate and in the past has spurred protests outside courtrooms.Opponents of the ban say it improperly altered the state's Constitution to restrict a fundamental right guaranteed in the state charter.Ban supporters say Californians long have had the right to change their state Constitution through ballot initiatives.
This is a good man who has always been on the right side of history.I guarantee you the average person, white or black, right now is less concerned about what Harry Reid said in a quote in a book a couple of years ago than they are about how we are going to move the country forward, and that's where we need to direct our attention."CNN's Dana Bash, Mark Preston, Rebecca Sinderbrand and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
The ruling means that Vince Weiguang Li will be hospitalized at a psychiatric facility until he undergoes a review by Manitoba's Criminal Code Review Board in 90 days, CBC said. "I was just reading my book and all of a sudden I heard it," Garnet Caton, who was sitting in front of the two men, told Canadian TV at the time.This isn't the right result."
Full coverage of the earthquake in Haiti More aid was on the way.An emergency communications officer with the group in Haiti said conditions are growing worse for patients and "we need the inflatable hospital -- if it ever arrives." "CNN's Karl Penhaul, Arthur Brice, Elise Labott, Laurie Ure, Greg Clary and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report.
Aid worker Gayle Williams was one of 23 expatriates who worked for SERVE Afghanistan.The latest deaths bring to 25 the number of German soldiers who have died in the Afghan war since 2002.Journalist Farhad Peikar and CNN's Frederick Pleitgen in Berlin contributed to this report.
Preval asked residents to stay away from the area so police and rescue officials could do their work unimpeded.Watch as the Red Cross official describes the scene » "On the phone, you can hear so many children, you know, crying, crying and saying, 'this one is dead,' 'that one is dead,' " she said.U.S. Ambassador Janet Sanderson expressed her condolences, haitipressnetwork.com reported.
Days later, his sport-utility vehicle was found abandoned on a bridge in upstate New York, with the words "Suicide is Painless" -- title of the theme song for the television show "M.A.S.H." -- written in dust on the the hood.Authorities determined the suicide setup was a ruse and launched a major manhunt to find Israel.He turned himself in to law enforcement July 2, 2008.
A musician himself, he had several R&B hits in the '60s.Memphis named the street in front of Royal Studios for Mitchell in 2004.Funeral arrangements were pending, Lawrence Mitchell said.
Officials hope the Solar Dynamics Observatory can provide information to help change that. "And Coronal Mass Ejections, or CMEs, are eruptions that launch solar material into space at a high rate of speed.CNN Radio's Shelby Erdman contributed to this report.
The Screening Room" presenter Myleene Klass arrives at the Asia Pacific Screen Awards in Queensland, Australia.It is a tribute to the filmmakers that they now have a globally recognised award and the broadcast reach of CNN International to promote their work."Watch "The Screening Room's" Asia Pacific Screen Awards show at the following times: Wednesday 26 November: 0930, 1830, Saturday 29 November: 0830, 1900, Sunday 30 November: 1730, 1830, Monday 1 December: 0400 (all times GMT)
That message: She's unlikely to run in the 2012 presidential race. "It's indoor work.She recently released her autobiography "Going Rogue" and toured the country promoting her book.
The insurgents were killed before they could detonate their bomb vests.The hard bit, the challenge, is the enduring effort, is delivering the security which allows the Afghans to start providing for their people."CNN's Atia Abawi, Nic Robertson, Frederik Pleitgen, Barbara Starr and Per Nyberg and journalist Mati Matiullah contributed to this report.
The organization said the surge in calls for help was evidence that the lengthy consumer boom was taking its toll.The advice service recorded 1.7 million cases last year -- a rise of 20 percent of callers with debt-related problems.E-mail to a friend
A Doctors Without Borders worker handing out HIV/AIDS drugs in Myanmar.Earlier this year when a deadly cyclone hit Myanmar that killed almost 100,000 people and left millions homeless, the government turned away international aid to the frustration of many organizations.Doctors Without Borders has been providing essential healthcare services in Myanmar since 1993 and began an integrated program in 2003 to support people living with HIV/AIDS.
We didn't say anything else that would raise any suspicion."They are clear.They see one Muslim talking to another Muslim and they automatically assume something wrong is going on."
The Council on American-Islamic Relations said in a statement Wednesday it was assisting in the investigation of "five Muslim young men from Virginia who left the country recently under mysterious circumstances."If the individuals are Americans, the United States will be seeking consular access, State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said. "CNN's Jeanne Meserve and Elise Labott contributed to this report.
He was supported by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, John Paul Stevens and Sonia Sotomayor.Breyer said the Supreme Court traditionally has stayed out of what he called another court's administrative discretion on such matters, saying, "I believe this court should adhere to its institutional competence, its historical practice, and its governing precedent -- all of which counsel against the issuance of this stay."The case is Hollingsworth v. Perry (09A648).
In 2005, however, a surprising increase prompted headlines of an end to the drop in violence.Monday's figures show that the downward trend has resumed.After the 2005 violent crime increase of 2.3 percent, the figures increased only 1.9 percent in 2006 and then dropped 0.7 percent in 2007 before the decline of 2.5 percent in the preliminary 2008 figures.
The officer did not want to be identified for fear of reprisals.We work hard with our own hands.When we are cursed, we bless; when we are persecuted, we endure it; when we are slandered, we answer kindly."
The tension of what goes through that show, I don't think I [could] do it. [And of course he nailed it.And once you fall in love, you don't know anything else.
The District of Columbia coin honoring Duke Ellington was introduced Tuesday in Washington.The Mint rejected the first inscription choice of D.C. voters, which was "taxation without representation," in protest of the district's lack of voting representation in Congress.Educator Booker T. Washington, botanist George Washington Carver and the first Revolutionary War casualty, Crispus Attucks, all of whom were black, have also appeared on commemorative coins, according to the U.S. Mint.
Please just know we're alive," before the 40-second call was cut off.Mike Wilson, with two ministry officials, was able to travel into Haiti on a medivac plane, and the three made their way to the town. "We are going to do it," he said, his voice the strongest it had been all day.
A medical examiner has ruled Scott's death a suicide, Police Superintendent Jody Weis said, but authorities have not completed their investigation.Michael cared passionately about public education and made many courageous decisions as president of the board.CNN's Mark Bixler contributed to this report.
He had his demons, but he found a lot of strength in his family," said Dawn Marie Psaltis, family friend and founder of Wrestlers Rescue. "He was always a jokester, he was always playing a practical joke on someone.He comes from a long line of professional wrestlers and did his family proud."
Obama on October 23, 2008, shortly before the presidential election.He also planned to "murder dozens of people with a focus on murdering African-Americans" the Justice Department said. "Despite great civil rights progress, hate-fueled violence remains all too common in our country, as illustrated by this unthinkable conspiracy," said Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights Thomas Perez in a statement issued by his Justice Department office.
Additionally, Apple is likely hurting from its competitors' aggressive pricing, cast into relief by Microsoft's recent Laptop Hunters ad campaign, a BrandIndex survey indicates.Still, Apple has avoided making even deeper price cuts, thanks to the juicy profit margins already baked into its products, the availability of cheap components, and the fact that the company also makes money by selling apps and music to iPhone and iPod owners.Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
Such "predator laws" focused on risk assessment and prevention of re-offending.The evidence is showing that it's only becoming a detainment center for people they do not went on the streets," said Derek Logue, a sex offender who was released and now advocates for offender rights through his Web site, oncefallen.com. "The high court case is U.S. v. Comstock (08-1224).
Pyongyang has refused to return to the talks, which also involve the United States, Russia, China, South Korea and Japan, insisting that it wants to talk directly with the U.S. government.But Washington says it will not lift sanctions or normalize relations with the North until it takes irreversible steps toward dismantling its nuclear program. "We're not going to pay North Korea for coming back to the six-party process," State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Monday.
The government has not released official figures, but national media say 7,600 Mexicans lost their lives in the war on drugs in 2009.Calderon said last year that 6,500 Mexicans died in drug violence in 2008.Officials say more than 16,000 Mexicans have died since Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006.
Several of Woods' major sponsors, including AT&T and Accenture, ended their business relationships with Woods following the crash and the exposure of his marriage troubles.iReport: Share your thoughts on Woods' apology But other companies, including Nike and Pepsi's Gatorade, continue to sponsor Woods, who has taken a break from his professional golfing career.Procter & Gamble's Gillette said it would stop airing commercials featuring the golfer for a while.
Oprah.com: How to face your inner perfectionist I have the kind of magnetism that wordlessly beckons a guy wearing half a cantaloupe on his head to come sit next to me during long subway rides.As I've already mentioned, I can fold laundry with one hand.TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Younis Khan's future as Pakistan captain is in doubt following accusations of match-fixing.Akhtar, once Pakistan's most feared weapon, has constantly clashed with the PCB, which banned him for hitting a teammate with a bat in 2007 and threatened him with court action following a public feud which ended with a five-year suspension that he successfully appealed.The PCB also punished him for testing positive for the performance-enhancing drug nandrolone in 2006, while fellow fast bowler Mohammad Asif was arrested in Dubai for possession of illegal drugs last year.
The new season of "Project Runway" kicks off Season 7 on Lifetime network on Thursday.In March Klum and fellow judge designer Michael Kors will be starring in their own "Project Runway" video game, in which players can design fashion lines, choose their models, strut down the catwalk, and strike a pose in a photo shoot.InStyle's February issue hits newsstands on Friday, January 15.
The southern half of Nigeria is predominantly Christian.A Boko Haram leader, Mohammed Yusuf, was reported captured Thursday by the military, but was found dead after he was turned over to police.Human rights groups are seeking more information on his death, and have also expressed concern about civilian casualties.
Members of the state Legislature were quick to condemn the request. "If you look at a picture of a Sudanese kid starving to death, or people dying in Haiti, those are invasions of privacy.Pictures of people alive in tortuous situations in some other country are just as bad as pictures of disfigured corpses in the United States."
Jennifer is still a movie star."By all accounts, "Bounty Hunter," beaten by a movie about middle school kids or not, is a step in the right direction.The days for any actor, male or female, opening a movie based on their name alone are numbered."
The brief, five-minute interview on ESPN was one of two the professional golfer granted Sunday afternoon at the Isleworth golf club near his home outside Orlando, Florida.I know he would have done it."And I certainly need that."
Lundquist's attorney, Carl Levin, contends his client was not involved in Barrow's death, saying, "We maintain her innocence."A superior court judge granted a motion to send Lundquist to a state hospital for a competency evaluation.An arraignment will be held only if Lundquist is found competent to stand trial.
According to the U.S. ambassador to Haiti, food is now being delivered routinely to 16 sites daily, and Haitians are receiving two weeks of rations.One month on... I think we are in a very good place in terms of food distribution, water distribution and getting medicines out to needy hospitals," he said.People are trying to recover in a temporary tent city that is increasingly becoming more permanent," Gupta said.
Reported to be New Zealand's first camerawoman, she came to the U.S. and worked for KHOU in Houston, Texas, for about seven years before moving to CNN in 1990.And she did it on her terms."CNN colleagues and friends of Margaret Moth contributed to this report.
The home side, needing to win to level the series and retain their No.3 batsman Peter Ingram crashed 42 off 47 deliveries before becoming the second of Rubel Hossain's three victims, but it was Guptill's more measured Test best score of 80 that anchored the innings.The big-hitting McCullum kept the score ticking over as he celebrated his 50th Test with his 16th half-century, ending the day on 58 from 71 deliveries.
Over the next few years, Santander says it aims to increase the number of products each of its customers hold through increasingly competitive and market-leading products to its customer base.At the end of 2008, Santander, which was founded in 1857, was the largest bank in the euro zone by market capitalization and third in the world by profit.It has has 90 million customers, around 14,000 branches -- more than any other international bank -- and over 170,000 employees.
After a couple of days, Zubaydah was transferred to an undisclosed location for further treatment.Rushed to a rundown Pakistani hospital, Zubaydah barely made it through surgery.He's now a senior investigator on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
The women's game may struggle to compete with the men's in terms of profile, but if there is any player who could help to bridge this gap it is the Stanford University student from Hawaii.They always make fun of me and they don't know what I do, they don't know what a par is.As she looks ahead to this year, Wie's resolve remains clear: to build on her new found confidence and success: "I want to show my fans and my country what I have."
In all of those years, I've never believed I was entitled to ask anyone a question.No.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin.
There is a tell-all book, which is to be published in more than 20 languages, and the author says the girl will receive a good portion of the royalties.They said they were going to help me and no one has helped me.CNN producer Schams Elwazer contributed to this report
Not so much.Best thing is there is no bar in the middle, so my back is doing quite well.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Chaffetz.
But Fischbacher trumped that in convincing style with a sizzling 1:20.14 and Maze then claimed her first Olympic medal with 1:20.63.It was also the first time any ski-jumper has won both events twice, and made him Switzerland's most-decorated athlete in any Olympics, winter or summer.In the women's competition, Switzerland crushed China 6-0 as Stefanie Marty scored four goals.
The Transitional Federal Government said Education Minister Abdullahi Wayel, Health Minister Qamar Aden and Higher Education Minister Ibrahim Hassan Adow were among the dead after the bomber attacked Banadir University's medical school commencement.The Security Council expresses its deepest sympathies and condolences to the families of those killed and to those injured in the attack, as well as to the Transitional Federal Government and the people of Somalia," the council's current president, Burkina Faso's U.N. Ambassador Michel Kafando, said Thursday.CNN's Ben Brumfield and journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report.
The world whips by you in a blur.All rights reserved.Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
My associates have been booking from France, Canada.When you're single, you always wish the person meets someone they want to be with.If this is something they want, then I wish them well," Thomas said.
Nor should you be.That's her private business.He is not and never was my role model."
In 1973, he backed a military coup that kept him in power, and dissolved congress and suspended the country's constitution.The military pushed him out in favor of another leader in 1976.Journalist Dario Klein contributed to this report for CNN
It wasn't until Monday that Iran wrote a letter to the International Atomic Energy Agency, revealing the existence of the underground facility on a military base near the Shia Muslim holy city of Qom.Iran told the IAEA there is no nuclear material at the site, an agency spokesman said.CNN's Ed Henry, Dan Lothian, Pam Benson, Matthew Chance and Moni Basu contributed to this report.
And don't tell me that civil unions are exactly the same as marriage.So basic, so important, so fundamental, in constitutional parlance, that no state can interfere with even the most reckless heterosexual nuptials.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Bloom.
The top of the boot hit her shin at "pretty much the worst place" it could, she said. "It's just a matter of dealing with the pain," she added, indicating there was no structural damage. "We have to see how it is this week," confirmed Vonn -- who added she had not taken any pain medicines while in Vancouver.
Mexico state is bordered on the west by Michoacan and adjoins Mexico City on three sides -- north, east and west.In Mexico City, officials announced the reopening Monday of 165 of the 174 schools that were closed Friday because of the heavy rain and flooding.Calderon and other Mexican officials have vowed to help displaced families, including offering them food, medicine, shelter and cash allowances to buy new furniture.
Fabianski, standing in for the injured Manuel Almunia saw a soft shot go past him for Porto's opener.Referee Tom Henning Ovrebro, who took charge of the controversial semifinal between champions Barcelona and Chelsea last season, was in the spotlight again as he controversially sent off Fiorentina's Massimo Gobbi for an apparently innocuous tackle.Miroslav Klose, who many deemed fortunate to stay on the field for a more robust challenge, then headed home a late Bayern winner with Fiorentina claiming he was offside.
Others recalled Murtha's dedication to public service. "House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who led a bipartisan delegation to the funeral, remembered her long-time ally. "Murtha was scheduled to be buried later Tuesday at a private ceremony.
The incident occurred when a forklift unloading a vessel punctured a large container and the drums inside it that contained the explosive compound PETN, said Morehead City Police spokeswoman Amy Thompson.Carteret County officials said U.S. 70 will be closed from 4th Street in Morehead City to the Morehead-Beaufort high-rise bridge for most of the day.Also responding were the U.S. Customs and the Salvation Army.
Is the "synthetic tree" an interesting alternative, or a scientific flight of fancy that's unlikely to happen?Each unit would take out a ton of CO2 a day -- which would be the amount of CO2 produced by 20 average automobiles in the U.S.A. And the cost of each unit would be about the cost of a Toyota.So that would mean if you added a five percent surcharge on automobile purchases that money could go to building units to remove the CO2 those vehicles are going to create."
I've watched the show since the beginning and think it is one of the best sitcoms, evah.At the same time, it was leaked that Rachel Bilson was cast for a recurring role on the show.TM & © 2010 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
The U.S. should ask (and help fund) the U.N. to take over the training of Afghan troops and police, with a focus on training Afghan trainers.Obama outlined escalation rather than the needed transition.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ann Wright and Paul Kawika Martin.
Oscar-winning director Roman Polanski has lived in exile in France since fleeing the United States in 1978.Geimer, who has spoken publicly about the case before, including a 2003 appearance on CNN's "Larry King Live," added, "I have survived, indeed prevailed, against whatever harm Mr. Polanski may have caused me as a child."His first wife, actress Sharon Tate, was murdered by the Charles Manson family in 1969.
I was a proud and enthusiastic supporter of Barack Obama during the campaign and have worked as hard as I can to advance President Obama's legislative agenda," Reid said.I have worked hard to advance issues important to the African-American community," he said.CNN's Dana Bash, Mark Preston and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report.
We're both doing our thing and it's good.The next guy I move in with will be my hubby."Underwood, who has risen from being a former winner of "American Idol" to a country music superstar, has been linked in the past with Dallas Cowboys football player Tony Romo and "Gossip Girl" actor Chace Crawford.
Brewer remains on a ventilator.Each day, a team of doctors spends about four hours changing his bandages.It's being classified as criminal mischief, but we'd like to know who's responsible," he said.
The first nine months of this year have seen more pirate attacks than all of last year, the bureau reported on October 21.From January 1 through September 30, pirates worldwide mounted 306 attacks, compared with 293 in all of 2008, it said.More than half of this year's attacks were carried out by suspected Somali pirates off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden, a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia.
British Home Secretary Alan Johnson prepared an order Tuesday proscribing Al-Muhajiroun, also known as Islam4UK. "According to the law, groups can be banned if they commit or participate in terrorism; prepare for terrorism; or promote or encourage terrorism.The home secretary can also take into account factors such as specific threats posed to the United Kingdom or British nationals overseas, and the extent of the group's presence in the United Kingdom.
The Royal College of Physicians made the recommendation in a new report on how secondhand smoke, also called passive smoking, affects children.Health effects on children from secondhand smoke are "entirely avoidable," the report says.It just wants to bully smokers until they quit," Clark said.
I don't want to be anonymous... I'm very honest about that.I'm an actor, I'm not a politician," he said. "I knew it would do well but I didn't know it would this well because it is a very niche sort of a subject."
While it is certainly true that some of the protests by Palestinians are violent, the same could be said of the anti-colonial protests that took place on the Indian subcontinent against the British at the time of Gandhi.When we celebrate the courage and vision of freedom fighters such as King or Fannie Lou Hamer and the countless others who are remembered during Black History Month, we should think of those Palestinian Kings and Fannie Lou Hamers whose nonviolent struggle for freedom, justice and equality continues.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bill Fletcher Jr.
But U.S. District Judge Glen H. Davidson refused to order the Itawamba County School District in Fulton, Mississippi, to hold the dance it had canceled over the matter.It sets a legal precedent for gay and lesbian students all over the country that they have the right to bring a same-sex date to the prom and also to wear gender-nonconforming clothes to the prom.Superintendent Teresa McNeece also told McMillen that she and her girlfriend could be ejected from the prom if other students complained about their presence, according to the documents.
e-mail account was set up so the men and militants could communicate, the report said.This mode of communication enabled them to pass on messages without fear of interception by the FBI," it said.Subira Farouk, the wife of Khalid and mother of Umar, said on Thursday that she and her husband had traveled to Pakistan to arrange a marriage for Umar, and to her surprise, her son had arrived in the country shortly afterward.
Larger employers will be required to provide coverage or risk financial penalties.He was excited that night, but not like last night."CNN's Ed Henry, Ed Hornick, Josh Levs, Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report.
They compared Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni to some of the world's most notorious dictators. "Even people who say they're against homosexuality say this bill is excessive and a threat to the human rights of all Ugandans. "Uganda should drop this law and abide by international human rights legislation," Tatchell said.
We now have multiple search and rescue units on the ground.In that time, we have reopened the airport and brought it up to 24/7 operations.CNN State Department Producer Elise Labott contributed to this story.
We welcome speculation as to exactly why the web loves her so, so let us know in the comments if you have any ideas.© 2010 MASHABLE.com.All rights reserved.
He looked out the window. "Think about how you want to write today's page," Ben says. "Live, laugh, love and dance like tomorrow's not guaranteed."
Virunga National Park is also home to 200 endangered mountain gorillas, but they live on the slopes of the Mikena volcano to the east of Nyamuragira.The Smithsonian Museum of Natural History calls Nyamuragira the continent's most active volcano, with 42 eruptions since 1885.Its most recent eruption ended in December 2006.
The following day they received a brief call from a man who did not identify himself. "A good and ideal government is for everyone, even those who oppose it," said Zahra Ramezani. "If they consider themselves servants of Iran, then they owe us something."
The couple, who met three years ago in their hometown Dallas, got engaged in June, less than four months after Rycroft was jilted on national television by "Bachelor" star Jason Mesnick. "The two became engaged last October in New Zealand.© 2010 People and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Staff who joined the strike last weekend will now lose benefits including free and heavily discounted travel, BA said. "BA will be able to run a full operation from London's Gatwick Airport and London City Airport this weekend because so many cabin crew members will be working as normal, the airline said in a statement late Tuesday.In addition, stock analysts said BA has made clear it sees the action not only as a matter of money but who will run the airline -- management or the union.
Ferrari issued the following press statement: "Ferrari announces it has recently presented a case against Nigel Stepney and an engineer from the Vodafone McLaren-Mercedes team with the Modena Tribunal, concerning the theft of technical information.This produced a positive outcome."E-mail to a friend
Seamer Rubel Hossain took both of their scalps in the middle session and ended with his first five-wicket bag, conceding 166 runs.Bangladesh reached 87-1 at stumps in their first innings, with opener Tamim Iqbal unbeaten on 56 after facing just 48 balls.He put on 79 for the first wicket with Imrul Kayes, who made 28 before edging spinner Daniel Vettori to Ross Taylor at slip.
She recently competed in a season of "Dancing With the Stars."In 2001, she wrote "Behind the Smile," about her experience with postpartum depression.CNN's Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report.
It must an exciting event to be part of.It goes very fast and it's done the right way.To me that's what life is all about.
It was the first time since the 1988 Winter Games in Calgary -- where Brian Boitano won for the United States -- that any nation other than Russia has won the men's gold medal in the event.Bjoerndalen tied for silver with Belarus competitor Sergey Novikov, 9.5 seconds behind Svendsen.In women's snowboarding, the half-pipe crown went to Torah Bright of Australia ahead of American pair Hanna Teter and Kelly Clark after a thrilling competition which set new standards.
But that all changed after a horrific acid attack in March 2008 destroyed everything as she knew it.I think it's important to try and set yourself many goals -- try to take each day as it comes," Piper said. "I think there's a lot of strength that can be gathered from support."
Blackwater had about 1,000 contractors working in Iraq at the height of its involvement, guarding diplomatic convoys and supply vehicles around the country after the U.S. invasion in 2003.At least 10 of its employees were killed, including four whose burned and mutilated bodies were dragged through the streets of Fallujah after an ambush in 2004.CNN's Jomana Karadsheh and Suzanne Simons contributed to this report.
After Czechoslovakia split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia in 1993, the castle became the seat of the President of the new Czech Republic.And in 1989, during the Velvet Revolution that overthrew the Communist regime, hundreds of thousands of demonstrators gathered here to protest.Its thick walls house the National Cemetery, where many of Prague's most illustrious citizens are buried, including Czech composer Antonín Leopold Dvorak and writer Karel Capek.
Slightly more than half of voting eligible Croatians voted in the runoff and more than 99 percent of votes had been counted, Sadaric said.Josipovic, 52, a law professor and classical music composer, had earlier garnered the most votes in the first round of voting.His campaign focused on cleaning up corruption in government.
Federal agents seized 2,880 rounds of ammunition found inside an SUV that was being driven from Brownsville, Texas, to Mexico, U.S. Customs and Border Protection said.A 19-year-old Mexican was attempting to drive the 2003 Chevrolet Trailblazer across the bridge that links Brownsville with Matamoros, Tamaulipas state, when he was stopped for a secondary inspection, the release said.The ammunition, which included 13 armor-piercing rounds and five assault-rifle magazines, was hidden inside 18 plastic bags found inside the SUV, the release said.
A C-17 cargo plane left Pope Air Force Base in North Carolina shortly after noon, and three hours later dropped 40 pallets -- or "bundles" as the Air Force refers to them as -- holding bottled water and Meals, Ready-to-Eat, or MREs, on a field just north of the Port-au-Prince airport in Haiti.But if water is added to a chemical heater, a hot meal results.The decision on whether to do more airdrops not immediately made, but just after returning to Pope AFB, Strickland said of the mission, "It was a success."
According to the news release, the only color images of President Kennedy in Dallas were made by amateurs, except for a brief film by a White House photographer.The museum is on the sixth and seventh floors of what was known in 1963 as the Texas School Book Depository.The Warren Commission determined that Lee Harvey Oswald shot Kennedy from that location.
One of the guards who took part in the shooting pleaded guilty to a voluntary manslaughter charge in a U.S. court 2008.Five others were charged with manslaughter, but those cases were dismissed in late December when a federal judge found prosecutors wrongly used the men's own statements against them.CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
He thought he was saying that in the backstage, and now it's been brought out in the public for all to see and discuss."About 100 accounts stood up against racism, he said.CNN's Matt Cherry contributed to this report.
In 1814, Mayon had its most violent eruption, killing more than 1,200 people.Its last major eruption was in 1993.Since then, it has remained restless, emitting ash and spewing lava.
He's hoping to get to the point where he can use one cane regularly, and eventually lose the cane altogether. "Go home, see my girlfriend, see my family."E-mail to a friend
Nothing suggests "widespread disorder" and panic, Rogers said, citing the well-publicized incidents of unrest as "isolated events."Anderson Cooper in the midst of looting chaos Reports of looting have escalated in the days since Tuesday's 7.0-magnitude earthquake leveled Port-au-Prince, leaving the capital in chaos as emergency aid workers and authorities scramble to help. "It's just difficult to physically get there."
You can't snap your fingers and make it happen just by magic," U.N. Emergency Relief Coordinator John Holmes said.I think that's got to be job number one," Kelly told Amanpour.But I think everyone will be surprised at just how peaceful and orderly it will be."
Flight 447 sent out 24 automated error messages before it crashed that suggested the plane may have been flying too fast or too slow through the thunderstorms, officials have said.The European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) issued a directive in late August requiring airlines to replace pitot tubes manufactured by Thales Avionics on Airbus A330s and A340s.It said airlines should replace them with other Thales tubes and those manufactured by Goodrich.
Retired Air Force Lt.Archer graduated first in the program in July 1943 and, after receiving his commission as a second lieutenant, was deployed to Italy as part of the 332nd Fighter Group.He is survived by three sons.
The rescuers asked how many there were; Santos answered eight -- six in his group, and two other men trapped in an elevator shaft. "And we said, 'No, we're hurt.'It's going to take years, if not decades, to really, really help that country," he said.
However, he was highly criticized for his behavior, and many observers believe it doomed his political ambitions.There was a time during the Watergate crisis when President Nixon was nearly incapacitated," said political analyst and CNN contributor David Gergen, who worked with Haig during the Nixon and Reagan administrations. "Former U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. John Bolton announced Haig's death to the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington on Saturday and called him a patriot.
I share a bond with the former president and I feel very good.I only didn't make it public because I just like to keep things private.But I feel terrific," he said.
Gen. David Petraeus, head of U.S. Central Command, predicted the surge will be met by an increase in violence in spring 2010 and a rise in "security incidents" in the summer.They need to be able to coerce the population, to tax the population, to recruit from the population, and to prevent the government from extending its governance into those areas."But I would submit that it is a lot cheaper to maintain a certain number of Afghan forces than it is to maintain the number of U.S. and coalition forces required to compensate for their absence."
Both presidents also expanded the war just as they were trying to shape a broad domestic agenda.Mark Twain once said that history does not repeat itself, but it rhymes.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer.
The nine defendants were tried last week over their roles in protests during Ashura, Fars said, quoting the Tehran judiciary's public relations office.There are now 10 people sentenced to death and awaiting appeal in connection with the protests.Two men have been executed for participating in anti-government demonstrations, but a lawyer for one of them told CNN her client was already in jail when the protests broke out.
To assist at the early stage, the most important thing to do immediately after a disaster -- for example, at this moment in Haiti -- is to try to help with basic needs such as shelter and food, David said.Gen. Russell Honoré, who led relief efforts for Hurricane Katrina, said Thursday that a lack of information "created a lot of anxiety for people because they didn't know what was going on." "We need to correct that, and as soon as we can, start pushing information to people, because rumors can cause the victims to make bad decisions," he said.
Kamrava] failed to exercise appropriate judgment and question whether there would be harm to her living children and any future offspring should she continue to conceive," the complaint says.Efforts to reach Kamrava on Monday were unsuccessful.No hearing date has been set in the case.
We're trying to express ourselves and expose the lies," she said.Egypt, for example, uses a law designed to combat terror for arresting and detaining bloggers.Following international uproar, the punishment was reduced to a fine, which was then paid by a pro-government journalists' association."
I held my head down so that they could not see that I was about to cry."The case is Safford United School District No.1 v. Redding (08-479).
The attack is the latest to shake the garrison city since this year's launch of strong military offensives against Taliban insurgents in the Swat Valley and South Waziristan.On October 10, militants stormed army headquarters in Rawalpindi, taking several people hostage before security forces killed them.CNN's Reza Sayah contributed to this report.
The captain of Ship-1 was ordered to pull Ship-1 up to Ship-2.Authorities say Muse and others "known and unknown" boarded the vessel while armed with guns, threatened its captain and took control, holding the ship's captain and crew hostage.However, the prosecution argued otherwise, saying Muse made statements suggesting he was older.
Read more 7:25 p.m. -- The U.S. Postal Service is holding mail destined for Haiti, a spokeswoman said.Her family says she died an hour after she was rescued.5:55 a.m. Friday, January 15, 2010 -- The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson is to arrive in Haiti on Friday, carrying 19 helicopters and 30 pallets of relief goods, Air Force Gen. Douglas Fraser said.
Sweeney told KCRA that the emotion of the moment didn't hit him until he got back in his truck to go home.I was pretty confident in my swimming abilities."Read more about the case at the WFTV web site
The rolling cuts to water service will affect the capital of Caracas and some nearby areas for periods of up to 48 hours, the state-owned water utility Hidrocapital announced.This other phenomenon," the institute said in a statement, "has a relationship with the rains, and is capable of modifying or changing the magnitude and impacts of the effects that El Nino has brought."Journalist Maria Carolina Gonzalez contributed to this report for CNN.
Each gift comes with a full-color pamphlet telling your animal's story, and there's no leash required.Buy a gift, fund a business GlobalGoodsPartners.org, BuildaNest.com At online boutique Nest, BuildaNest.com, the $30 you spend on patchwork Guatemalan tote will go toward... creating more Guatemalan totes!Subscribe now!
An international search team was combing Lebanon's Mediterranean coastline for signs of life Tuesday amid fears that all 90 people aboard the Addis Ababa-bound airliner perished in the accident, authorities said.During the crash landing that followed, 31 of the 105 people aboard died.CNN's Nada Husseini and Cal Perry contributed to this report.
After eight months, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, who at the time was second in command of the doctrinal office and now is the Vatican's secretary of state, told Wisconsin bishops to begin a secret canonical trial, the documents show.Murphy's actions were criminal, and we sincerely apologize to those who have been harmed.CNN's Diana Magnay contributed to this report.
In other Supreme Court action: • The justices agreed to decide whether a district attorney's office can be held liable after a former death row inmate in Louisiana said prosecutors withheld key evidence leading to his conviction.They also cited previous examples where a limited use of religious imagery in a public setting was considered acceptable.That case is McMullen v. Coakley (09-592).
Heath Ledger fans launched a petition calling for studios to remove the Joker from future Batman movies.He upgraded the character in a thrilling way," he said. "A user-generated award."
Twice a day, he will update his location on Facebook via Google Earth.This will show the progress being made, as well as possible ice shifts that occur throughout the day.Parker's Facebook followers can join the expedition by following his progress and approximating when he will arrive at the summit.
As we drove, dozens of people rode around on bicycles dangling fuel cans from one hand, aimlessly searching for ways to power cars and light homes.It was a comedy of errors that ended up with three of four cars temporarily inoperable.Rose's family is at least from Lima, so it's a familiar place to one of us, but it's many hours from home -- and many miles from the last big story.
Despite the remote location of the eruption, if the fissure "develops further towards the glacier, the melting floodwater... will create dangerous floods in a populated area in south Iceland," said Gudrun Johannesdottir, a project manager for Iceland's Joint Rescue and Coordination Center.The country's civil protection agency did not immediately record any injuries or damage.Eyjafjallajokull is about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of the capital, Reykjavik.
AT&T executives have not said that AT&T has a problem with its network.We think this is a great way to get customer feedback to improve our network," Siegel said. "CNET, CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. Used by permission.
I figured if I didn't like it I could return it within 30 days," Branch says. "One thing that's helped the Kindle is marketing.From what I've seen and heard, I think the technology is here to stay."
This is a humanitarian matter of global proportions.Also, you have to take a risk [about security] during the search-and-rescue phase.In that phase of the operation, search-and-rescue takes priority over security.
Born in New York in 1925, Bush, born Barbara Pierce, married her husband in 1945.She is the great-great-great niece of Franklin Pierce, who served as president from 1853 to 1857.She and the former president split their time between Houston and Kennebunkport, Maine.
Of them, 26 were carrying European or Australian passports, authorities have said.We maintain several different and sensitive dialogues with the UK, and we regret the British decision."CNN's Guy Azriel in Jerusalem and Niki Cook in Paris, France, contributed to this report.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Tuesday that about 90 victims have been saved by 43 international rescue teams, made up of some 1,700 people, in the days after the quake.Full coverage l Twitter updates The earthquake struck the afternoon of January 12.Its epicenter was just south of Port-au-Prince.
We had all these people skiing and sleeping and whatever all over the place."Four previous operators hadn't had much success running the lodge, and in 1953, the U.S. Forest Service thought of Timberline as more of a headache than anything else, Kohnstamm said.I didn't expect the general public to be so in love with it."
The helicopter had dropped off a patient in Jackson, Tennessee, and was returning to Brownsville, Tennessee, about 30 miles west of Jackson, when the crash was reported, said FAA spokesman Lynn Lunsford.Hospital Wing said in a statement, reported by WMC-TV, that the crash occurred just east of Brownsville, and that three crew members and no patients were on board.CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
Kevin Kuranyi and Jan Moravek scored in the second half to put Schalke a point above third-placed Bayern Munich, who earlier crushed lowly Bochum 5-1 to cap a memorable week.Danijel Pranjic extended the lead five minutes later after fullback Phillip Lahm surged into the box and squared the ball to him, while Christian Fuchs scored a consolation free-kick for Bochum in the 76th minute.Cologne edged away from the relegation zone with a 0-0 draw at Freiburg as Germany international striker Lukas Podolski -- who has not scored in the Bundesliga since September 13 -- hit the woodwork twice for the visitors.
Police believe they have identified at least two of the three hooded men who entered New Gethsemane Church of God in Christ about 12:30 p.m. Sunday.Church officials say the two congregants injured on Sunday, age 14 and 19, are brothers. "CNN's Dan Gilgoff and Nick Valencia contributed to this report.
After the stretch of unusually cold weather that gripped the region, severe storms will affect the Gulf Coast of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and most of Florida on Friday evening and Saturday, the National Weather Service said.In northern Florida, Tuesday's high was expected to reach 54 degrees in the state capital, Tallahassee, and temperatures were forecast to increase during the week.Two to 3 inches of snow was possible in the Sierras, forecasters said.
He expressed his devastation at her death on his Twitter account days before he died.McQueen was born in 1970 in London's East End, the son of a taxi driver and trained in London's Savile Row, going on to study fashion at college before making his name with his own extravagant designs.French luxury brand Gucci Group acquired a 51 percent stake in McQueen in 2001.
He shared his thoughts on Mandela's release, including his own initial reaction to the news.Mandela Cartoons A different look on Nelson Mandela.This time, caricatures, as we go inside the commemorative art exhibit from South African cartoonist Zapiro.
Lopez: Well... when I was doing "The George Lopez Show" -- probably into like the 30th episode, [and] we ended up doing 120 shows, [a production company executive] said, "Hey, would you consider a talk show?"He said, "It's not going to last forever.So being a poor guy growing up, and getting stuff from thrift shops growing up, I'd like to think that this will be the flea market of late-night talk shows, that you can probably find anything there.
As emergency workers rushed the boy to the hospital, police were chasing Adams, who was speeding away.Christopher's mother, Jennifer Rodriguez, had been waiting outside in her SUV for her son's lesson to end.E-mail to a friend CNN's Dan Simon and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report.
To date, the agency has granted access to secret-level classified information to 744 front-line supervisors, managers and behavior-detection officers.The move could decrease the chance that information will be leaked because employees who are given clearance are trained to treat the information appropriately, he said.You have to strengthen them all the way up to that last line of defense," Karn said.
The devastating 7.6 magnitude quake struck northern Pakistan and the divided Kashmir region in October 2005, claiming the lives of almost 80,000 people, according to official estimates, and leaving millions homeless.Each group would look after a specific issue until the local population was able to get back on its feet. "It's so important that the aid effort continues months after the disaster."
Authorities ordered the city on lockdown in an attempt to keep the kidnappers from carrying out their plan, Uribe said.Instead, the the guerrillas burned the vehicle that authorities believe was used in the kidnapping, and then slit the governor's throat to avoid leaving evidence that may have been traced from a firearm to the killers, Uribe said.The president offered a $1 billion peso reward (U.S. $485,000) for information leading to the arrests of those responsible.
Celski, who crashed into the boards during trials in September slicing a deep gash into his left thigh, has made a near complete recovery, said Heiden.He's more of a celebrity personality than most of the skaters," said Heiden.Oh boy, these guys have no clue how cold it can be out on an open rink."
Two people in masks prepare to throw petrol bombs in Lurgan, Northern Ireland.But, he said: "In the past 18 months or so there have been at least 25 attempts by dissident terrorists to kill officers on and off duty."Danny Kennedy, deputy leader of the loyalist Ulster Unionist Party, which wants Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom, also condemned the attack as "wicked and murderous."
A possible merger between Ticketmaster and Live Nation has drawn interest.Ticketmaster CEO Irving Azoff apologized to Springsteen in a letter Wednesday, saying it wouldn't happen again.A combined company, though, would control "everything before, during and after a concert takes place over the course of an entire tour, and that's pretty sizable," he said.
On Friday, a woman trapped in the hotel's collapsed bar was rescued.But sometimes there's nothing to say.You just wait and continue to wait, hoping for something good."
The Obama-Clinton battle then hinged on who could sway more superdelegates -- the party leaders who could decide the winner if the primary voters could not -- and few superdelegates had the stature of Ted Kennedy.Clips of the Rev. Jeremiah Wright, his longtime pastor, making hateful remarks hit the Internet and television and put Obama on defense.CNN's Richard Allen Greene, Rebecca Sinderbrand and Laura Haring contributed to this report.
Weather-related problems also affected Northern California, where Fresno's Yosemite International Airport lost the ability to send passengers through security because of a power outage.Wind and rain prompted power outages Monday in Southern California, according to Southern California Edison.CNN's Sara Pratley, Chad Myers, Rosalina Nieves and Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report.
The sound check part of actually becoming the band, where we're actually the singers and the instruments, that probably takes a longer time.Thomas: I often call our sound man "Octopus Hands" because he's just got to do so many different things.We don't know what we are going to call it yet, but we do know one thing: It will be all vocal.
The Filipino will defend his World Boxing Organization (WBO) welterweight title against Ghanaian Clottey on March 13 at the $1.2billion home of the Dallas Cowboys football team.We did our best to appease him but he wouldn't go along with it," Roach explained. "We're going to have some fun with it."
They added that key factors in choosing the covers were the art and album design and not necessarily the music. "For decades, the album sleeve has been the canvas for some of the most imaginative graphic artists in the world, and this issue celebrates this unique art form and some of its greatest examples," said Juliette Edgar, Head of Special Stamps at Royal Mail in the statement.Other chosen album covers include The Rolling Stones' 1969 album "Let It Bleed," which features a cake on the cover baked by a then unknown Delia Smith, Pennie Smith's photography for The Clash's "London Calling" and a bent chrome pipe on the cover of Mike Oldfield's "Tubular Bells."
The threatened walkout came as the airline industry is digging out of the worst one-year drop-off in flights, according to IATA.Still, passengers at Frankfurt Airport on Sunday were already feeling inconvenienced. "CNN's Kevin Voigt, Stefan Simons, Phil Han and Greg Morrison contributed to this report.
The Togo squad flew back home from Angola on January 9 after three of their travelling party were killed and two players seriously injured by a machine-gun attack which occurred as their bus crossed the border into the northern, oil-rich state of Cabinda two days earlier.On behalf of the federation, we managed that incident, not just the incident but the tragedy, with lots of tact and lots of honesty, and lots of courage. "The incident happened; everyone should have taken his own responsibility."
McNiff confirmed that the secretary of state's offices received two reports of voters saying they received pre-marked ballots.Americans are investing their hopes in good Republican candidates to reverse a year-long Democrat trend of ignoring the American people on the issues of health care, spending and the growth of government," Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, said in a statement.CNN's Jim Acosta, Dana Bash, Kevin Bohn, Ed Henry, John King, Suzanne Malveaux, Shawna Shepherd, Jessica Yellin, Kevin Bohn, Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report.
Barbosa said Saturday's heavy rains were the worst in Madeira since 1993, when a storm killed eight people.Madeira is one of the Madeira Islands, an archipelago about 600 miles (1,000 kilometers) southwest of the Portuguese mainland.CNN's Al Goodman, Per Nyberg and Umaro Djau contributed to this report.
Twenty-seven civilians died and 14 others were wounded in the incident Sunday in the central Daikondi province, according to the Afghan Interior Ministry.In a statement published in Pashtun and Dari, the Afghan cabinet said it condemned "the repeated killing of civilians by NATO."CNN's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report
We will never forget the blood of our leader Baitullah Mehsud, may God have mercy on his soul," he says in Arabic, according to a CNN translation. "Al-Balawi says in the video that his faith cannot be sold to bidders, an apparent message to Jordanian and U.S. officials that they had failed to win his allegiance.CNN's Nic Robertson and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report.
We don't experience the victories, we only see our children developing emotional problems, our marriages falling apart, our careers sidelined, our dependence on antidepressants climbing, even our houses crumbling from years of neglected repairs.There is no bright side and no silver lining.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rebekah Sanderlin.
He went to a hospital as a precaution, but was released, the National Hot Rod Association said. "The entire NHRA community is deeply saddened by today's incident and sends its thoughts and prayers to the woman's family and friends," the group said on its Web site.The accident is under investigation.
After briefly acknowledging that the vast majority of the world's illegally harvested organs come from China, Pakistan, and the Philippines, Bostrom then hurled this astounding charge: "Palestinians also harbor strong suspicions that young men have been seized, and made to serve as organ reserve, just as in China and Pakistan, before being killed."That grip was not too tight to prevent Tonge's party from collectively denouncing Israel for attacking Hezbollah after Hezbollah kidnapped two Israeli soldiers.)The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum.
Sixty-eight percent suggested that China is doing a bad job respecting the human rights of its citizens.The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted November 13-15, with 1,014 adult Americans questioned by telephone.CNN's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report
Alex, an African grey parrot, was one of 14 birds which displayed an ability to keep time with a tune.Parrots and humans both have the ability to imitate sounds that they hear, unlike our closer simian relatives.Once a species has the neural machinery in place for coupling the perception and production of vocal sounds, it may be only a small step to use the same circuits for synchronizing movements to a beat."
Alexis Hutchinson tell it, the Army forced her to make an agonizing choice between serving her country and taking care of her son.When soldiers are ordered to deploy, and single soldiers included, they have to have a family care plan in place... and they need to implement that," she said.CNN's Brian Todd and Campbell Brown contributed to this report
That's four out of ten people.What we don't discuss, we can't improve," insists Sim.Don't forget, World Toilet Day is November 19.
Khan, a devout Muslim, knocked down his Jewish opponent three times before the referee stopped after just one minute and 16 seconds.I said if you hurt him, finish him.We've been working on that power and the fight was really over after that first punch," he said.
I love to play.We're the best 1-800-band that goes live.KING: And it's still -- when you're on that stage, hitting those drums and the band is going -- STARR: Love it.
You have spent the last few days, along with your fellow survivors, digging through the rubble trying to find them.But most of your family is buried under a rubble pile somewhere.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Guy-Uriel Charles.
Polanski was released "pending extradition" to the United States, the Swiss Department of Justice and Police said in a statement.It's not clear whether Polanski completed paying the debt to Geimer, although the court papers document efforts by her lawyers to garnish residuals and other payments owed to Polanski by the Screen Actors Guild, movie studios and other Hollywood businesses.Among Polanski's film credits are "The Pianist," "Chinatown," "Repulsion," "Rosemary's Baby," "The Ninth Gate" and "Tess."
Not only do they believe that Prince is overplaying any role he may have had or still has with the agency, but they believe he is exploiting it for personal gain.But what no one should forget or overlook is the fact that this agency has the talent, tools, and authorities to go after terrorists, and has done so successfully."The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Suzanne Simons.
Read once-secret U.S. documents 1990s: Bosnia Even extensive news coverage may not lead to intervention.How can you drink a glass of wine when you know?"CNN's Christiane Amanpour, Andy Segal, Jennifer Hyde and Ken Shiffman contributed to this report.
Five damn years.I just couldn't.TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CPA Bill Ross was mentioned in a 3,000-word message on a Web site registered to Stack, which railed against the government, particularly the IRS.I never saw that."CNN's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report.
An 11th church arson in Temple, Texas, is not related to the other 10, said Robert Champion of the ATF in Dallas, Texas.Earlier this month, authorities said they were trying to determine whether the Temple fire was connected to the others.CNN's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report.
TED began in the 1980s as a conference in California focusing on technology, entertainment and design but has since expanded to include virtually any subject and conferences in other locations.And that is a true gift.That's the real prize."
These guards are grossly underpaid.They train with their weapons no more than two to three times a year.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles S. Faddis.
A few people do think he is a real character, particularly with the tour of his house on 'Baker Street' adding fuel to the fire so to speak," Mark Di-Toro from Visit Britain said. "That is just testament to Doyle's brilliant writing with his true to nature locations in the books meaning tourist can really relate and visit all the fantastic locations."A. Pawlowski and Phil Han contributed to this report.
Search teams have been working to find more victims after floodwaters caused by heavy rains swamped the capital Funchal, unleashing a torrent of mud that swept away homes, roads and trees.Ronaldo wrote on his blog later that he was "incredulous, shocked and dismayed" by the disaster, and offered his assistance.CNN's Al Goodman contributed to this report.
A Turkana boy holds an empty cup in a village in northwestern Kenya.The remote region has no access to resources, making it especially vulnerable to natural disasters such as floods.CNN's Moni Basu and Faith Karimi contributed to this report.
Michael Brewer "had complications with his breathing and is now back in the ICU," said Lorraine Nelson, spokeswoman for Jackson Memorial Hospital.Brewer had three skin graft surgeries during his stay in the burn unit and was on a ventilator for almost the entire first month.Witnesses have said Brewer jumped into a pool to put out the flames.
How stents open arteries President Obama called Clinton on Thursday evening and wished him a speedy recovery so he can continue his work on Haiti and other humanitarian efforts, a senior administration official said.He also has visited the island nation twice since the earthquake, a fact he noted on Friday. "CNN's John King, Ed Henry, Jessica Yellin, Elise Labott and Tom Watkins contributed to this report.
But anyone who can read or listen could hear Limbaugh calling folks he disagrees with the same.Because she portrays herself as a straight-talking politician who wants to lead a movement in the "Lower 48th" -- but is nothing more than a political celebrity willing to cash every check she can grab.The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin.
1997-2003 Pontiac Grand Prix.GM issued a recall on a similar engine in 2008, according to the company's filing with the government.That problem was traced to a faulty gasket on the engine rocker cover.
The volunteers then threw the material out as they usually would.Some needed to be taped or sewn into the garbage; others were stuck to the trash with a sticky aerosol spray.No one's saying we are bad people for using stuff, but the reality is each one of us gets one-six-billionth of what the Earth can produce, and what we have is much more than that."
Knox, 22, seemed very pleased by the visit, which included members of the Italy USA Foundation, said Catia Polidori, a member of the foundation and a member of the Italian Parliament.The delegation brought Knox some English-language books as a Christmas gift, which made her "really happy," Polidori told CNN.They will not, you know, put away this innocent young girl for a crime she didn't commit."
What a revelation!See full article at EW.com.CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Garcia's offers freshly caught fish and a great view from a deck overlooking the Miami River.The water and sand seem cleaner than most other beaches and the area is a favorite for kite surfers.If you aren't already a local, you soon will feel like one after a few hours there with the sand between your toes.
The vote was 406-19 to repeal the exemption, which has been in place since the end of World War II.Specifically, Obama's plan calls for the secretary of health and human services to work with a seven-member board made up of doctors, economists and consumer and insurance representatives to review premium increases.The board, to be known as the Health Insurance Rate Authority, would provide an annual report to recommend to states whether certain rate increases should be approved, although the secretary could overrule state insurance regulators.
Abe was less happy under MotoGP regulations but when he was moved to Yamaha's returning World Superbike squad for 2005, despite having less support than Noriyuki Haga and Andrew Pitt, he finished in the championship top 10.In 2006 he did not make a podium and this year he competed in the All-Japan Superbike Championship, again on a Yamaha.E-mail to a friend
In the past few days, forces from Afghanistan, Britain and other nations conducted air and ground operations to prepare for the assault and dropped leaflets in and around Marjah warning residents not to allow the Taliban to enter their homes.Even with their help, though, military officials have increased staff at the hospital at Camp Bastion, in the capital of Helmand province, in anticipation that roadside bombs would cause casualties.Troops were expecting to encounter booby-trapped houses and fierce urban combat.
Where others in the medical community believe injections of human growth hormone should be given to adults in only rare cases, Berger believes it is a crucial part of keeping people young and vital.Neither star is accused of breaking the law.E-mail to a friend
Read or listen to Dr. King's famous "I have a dream" speech.The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies (http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/strands/) are published by the National Council for Social Studies (http://www.socialstudies.org/).Resources The Martin Luther King, Jr. Research and Education Institute (http://mlk-kpp01.stanford.edu/) Constitution.net: The I Have a Dream Speech (http://www.usconstitution.net/dream.html) Martin Luther King, Jr. Day of Service (http://www.mlkday.gov/) The King Center (http://www.thekingcenter.org/)
A man stands on the remains of what was once a tourist resort in Samoa's capital of Apia. "To aid in the response," he said, "I've declared this a major disaster to speed the deployment of resources and FEMA... is working closely with emergency responders on the ground, and the Coast Guard is working to provide immediate help to those in need. "We also stand ready to help our friends in neighboring Samoa and throughout the region, and we'll continue to monitor this situation closely as we keep the many people who have been touched by this tragedy in our thoughts and in our prayers," Obama said.
Alta, Wyoming Skiing like you remember it: Mountains like Grand Targhee are a dying breed: No parking lot hassles, no mile-long schlep to the ticket window, no $20 hamburgers.Greer Lodge's 11 rooms, all knotty pine and log walls, have luxe touches and fluffy beds that make you want to curl up and get cozy, but they're blissfully free of TVs and phones.All rights reserved.
About 100 protesters were throwing stones and burning tires in the West Bank city of Hebron, the Israeli military said.In 1994, an Israeli settler entered the tomb and opened fire on the Muslim worshippers, killing 29 before he was beaten to death.He said the danger of their inclusion on a list of sites to the peace process was overstated.
But between Protestant denominations and Catholicism, it is without doubt a majority Christian country, she said.Colonized by the French, the land then known as Saint-Domingue emerged as one of the wealthiest colonies of the 18th century.She planted kisses on the forehead of her anguished father, his face buried in his hands, before skipping off to make fish faces and giggle with other children.
Qatar launched the first annual World Innovation Summit for Education (WISE), hoping to become the educational equivalent of the World Economic Forum, aiming to "create a new international multi-disciplinary platform to shape education models of the 21st century."In the UAE, the Abu Dhabi Art exhibit brought famous names to its galleries while the Dubai World Championship brought golf stars to its greens.You can watch Inside the Middle East at the following times in December: Wednesday 2 December: 0830, 1430, Saturday 5 December 0830, 1700, 2030, Sunday 6 December 0530, 1530, Monday 7 December 0300 (all times GMT)
The pungent, rotten-egg-like smell permeates the two-story home.I can't breathe.It's pricey, and now it's worth nothing."
Roy Pearson sued the owners of this dry cleaning business for $54 million over a missing pair of pants.No initial hearing date has been set in the civil case assigned to U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan.E-mail to a friend
I don't know.You know in country music oftentimes it does not work when a front person leaves a group.I hope I look good at that moment when they call out, "Carrie Underwood."
After meeting with the families, Calderon and local political and civic leaders presented a variety of ideas, critiques and proposals on how to stabilize a city that saw more than 2,500 killings last year and more than 230 so far this year.Before the meeting, police forcibly removed some protesters that were lined up outside of the building where Calderon would speak.Officials say more than 16,000 Mexicans have died since Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006.
High-resolution images of damage Maj.The night before we were supposed to receive two planes that couldn't land.It's a large amount of tasks to be done."
Flight attendants can't dote on you any more, they are too busy scanning the group for potential terrorists.I know why they really turned me down: It's because I'm fat.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cathy Ladman
The Australian Embassy in Hanoi is seeking details about why the employees are being prevented from leaving Vietnam, according to Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade.The airline suffered heavy financial losses, the Vietnamese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said, and investigators are trying to determine the responsibility of members of the airline's executive board and managing board.Marsilli and Freeman are members of the airline's managing board and must "make themselves present in Vietnam to respond to the requests from Vietnam's legal authorities in a timely manner," the Vietnamese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said -- CNN's Pamela Boykoff, Eugina Huang and Eunice Yoon contributed to this report
Peruvian officials were forced to use helicopters to evacuate more than 1,000 stranded tourists last month.Authorities estimated that 10,000 people were affected by the rain and 2,000 homes were ruined near Machu Picchu.At least seven deaths were reported.
Liu, a former university lecturer and literary critic, faces a possible 15-year jail sentence, amid growing international outrage over his yearlong detention, according to media reports.The case was turned over to the prosecutor's office December 8 -- one year from the time Liu was detained.We call on the government of China to release Mr. Liu and respect the rights of all Chinese citizens who peacefully express their desire for internationally recognized freedoms."
In a BBC Radio interview he said: "Sometimes doctors do it on their own.Sometimes people do it on their own. "And if it happens to a lover or friend of yours, a husband, a wife, and I hope it doesn't, but when it does sometimes you have to do brave things and you have to say - to use Nottingham language - bugger the law."
In March 2009, he was sentenced to 15 years in prison in connection with the 1992 executions of 42 merchants.He was captured by U.S. forces in April 2003, shortly after the U.S.-led invasion that toppled the Hussein.CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
The Georgia Bureau of Investigation said the investigation is continuing and the file will be turned over to the local district attorney when it is over. "There is a future interview scheduled at present, and she intends to keep that appointment," Parks said.CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
Legislation that will eventually extend health care coverage to more than 30 million more Americans, greatly expand the number of options that citizens have when purchasing health care, bring healthy citizens into the pool of the insured and thus lower costs and create important regulations on health care companies will be remembered as one of the biggest domestic policy changes since the Great Society of the 1960s.Finally, in the past week she displayed the kind of vote-gathering skills that have been displayed by legendary figures such as Speaker Sam Rayburn of Texas.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer.
About a week after his admission, he confirmed reports that he had legally separated from his wife, Elizabeth.Those announcements came just before Andrew Young released an embarrassing book about the Edwardses and his campaign.CNN's Jessica Jordan contributed to this report.
John Edward Jones, 26, of Stansbury Park was stuck in the Nutty Putty Cave, which sits west of Utah Lake near Cedar Valley, according to the sheriff's office of Utah County.They had him to a level spot where he wasn't heading downhill with his head below his feet," Cannon said. "Up to 5,000 people visit each year, the site said.
Prince Charles' younger son, Prince Harry, 25, served on the front line in Afghanistan and saw combat.He is training to become a pilot with the Army Air Corps. --CNN's Sarah Sultoon contributed to this report.
Dancers have put on a dazzling display atop extravagant floats at the legendary annual Rio Carnival.Thousands of revelers cheered as dancers shimmied and shook their colorful costumes through the streets of the Brazilian city.Seven-year-old Julia Lira took her place as the drum corps queen for the Viradouro School of Samba despite criticism that she was too young to fill a role normally reserved for voluptuous adult dancers.
His lawyer and doctor told the judge overseeing his divorce this week that Hopper is dying of prostate cancer, but the 73-year-old actor was smiling broadly during the ceremony. "In the '50s he had roles in several TV shows and films, including "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955) and "Giant" (1956).He became a Hollywood sensation for "Easy Rider," the 1969 film he directed and co-wrote in which he played a dissolute, countercultural biker.
The Facebook group, which has 16 members, called for a discussion on the matter to begin Wednesday.Only one comment has been posted under "discussions," and it says that "Islam is trying to shut down free speech worldwide." --CNN's Jonathan Pride contributed to this report.
The disparities are definitely huge and that number understates the size of the disparity," he says. "The cafe is owned and operated by Patricia Setzer, an African-American who opened the establishment in 2008.CNN's Sarah Hoye contributed to this report.
In a speech on Internet freedom and security, Clinton also urged China to investigate a wave of cyber attacks against Google and other companies.Each texter was asked to donate $10, and the State Department said Wednesday that it is believed to be the largest amount raised for the country through a mobile phone campaign.CNN's Jill Dougherty and Doug Gross contributed to this report.
Lucy Valena went to Seattle to learn from the best baristas before opening her Boston espresso company. "Valena then took her plan to the Small Business Administration and was directed to Accion USA, a company specializing in microloans.I don't care!"
He would not discuss the product's price or provide further specifics.At its CES product office this week, Littler, from Lenovo, was commenting on this development when a woman abruptly joined the conversation. "I just call it a computer," she said.
The 6.2-mile deep quake hit at 9:23 a.m. ET, 40 miles from George Town, Cayman Islands, the USGS reported.He told her that he felt the quake but that it did not damage their house.CNN's Mark Bixler and Shasta Darlington contributed to this report.
The spiraling violence in eastern Congo has displaced an estimated 250,000 people -- many of whom have fled to refugee camps.The fighting is spurred by lingering tensions over the 1994 slaughter of ethnic Tutsis by majority Hutus in neighboring Rwanda.Nkunda has said his forces are fighting to defend Congolese Tutsis from Hutu militants who escaped to Congo.
Are the French ready to elect their own Obama?And what about cheese, bread and art?Can France culturally maintain its pre-eminence?
2 Novak Djokovic suffered a shock defeat by sixth seed Mikhail Youzhny in the semifinals of the World Tennis Tournament in Rotterdam on Saturday.The Russian is on course to defend her title following a 6-2 4-6 6-3 victory against fourth seed Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan, reaching her 21st career title.The 32-year-old Tanasugarn will have her 10th tilt at a WTA title after crushing Shvedova's compatriot Sesil Karatantcheva, ranked 185th in the world, 6-2 6-0 in the other semifinal on Saturday.
VBS.TV is Vice's broadband television network.That's one of the many questions that we came away with upon our safe return from Liberia.Watch our documentary about our time there and see what you think.
Friends describe Thor Hesla as a "passionate believer" and "larger than life."A witness to Monday's attack said terrorists forced their way into the hotel gym and shot three or four people who were working out.E-mail to a friend CNN's Elise Labott contributed to this report.
Officials said it would be at least 48 hours before they could gain access to the Mythe Water Pumping Station in Tewkesbury to return water supply to 70,000 customers in Tewkesbury, Gloucester and Cheltenham. "The worst affected areas are the counties of Gloucestershire, Herefordshire, Worcestershire and Oxfordshire, which had more than 5 inches (12.5 cm) of rain in barely 24 hours.E-mail to a friend
That fact will come as no surprise to the millions of people who have watched the iconic scene at the end of the smash hit film musical. "We're helping educate the children of the Amazon to realize the importance of the living rainforest so that when the timber and oil companies come in they know to save it."Three decades on from her life-changing appearance in "Grease", Newton-John is still finding plenty things in her life to become hopelessly devoted to.
Eurostar, which operates trains between Britain and France, announced it was canceling up to 50 percent of services Friday as bad weather caused a repeat of problems that led to major disruptions and long lines of frustrated and angry travelers last month.But... we will face some difficult decisions about where we are going to prioritize gritting of roads in this exceptionally severe and prolonged cold weather."CNN's Melissa Gray and Barry Neild contributed to this story
Conditions for women are little better than they were under the hardline Taliban regime, the U.N. says.Even in areas not overrun by the Taliban, women face risks outside the home. "The assassination of the most prominent national female senior police officer, in Kandahar in September 2008, underscores the tremendous risks faced by women in public life," the report says.
But that won't happen today because officials wouldn't give Kinno a photographer's armband.There is a picture, looking up the pipe of White, cast against a clear night sky, soaring through the air, on his way to a gold medal.As for the magazine, he'll be waiting, just like the rest of us
Mourinho, who has also been handed a $55,000 fine for the gesture, is now bannded from the touchline for the matches against Udinese, Genoa and Catania as Inter try to hold off the challenge of a rampant Roma side at the top of the table.To add to Inter's problems, Esteban Cambiasso and Sulley Muntari were handed two-game bans for their behavior towards match officials after the game, joining Samuel and Cordoba on the suspended list.The controversy comes just 48 hours before Inter host Mourinho's former club Chelsea in the last 16 of the Champions League -- the first time he has come face-to-face with the Londoners since his dismissal in September 2007.
High-speed collisions with flying insects were a hallmark of the trip. "Embrace the pace.Half of the fun is the journey."
Now they are at an orphanage, under the custody of the Haitian government, while the details of their departure are sorted out.And I feel like these little babies are just caught up in this international dispute, and it's just not fair," she said.CNN's Ismael Estrada contributed to this report.
But this was a preliminary round loss, and people have some hope this team can right itself in the next round.Milton's e-mail inbox is filling at a much higher rate than normal, he said.This week will be ours," said Michael Chambers, president of the Canadian Olympic Committee.
Jennifer Oz LeRoy, in her recently published book "Tavern on the Green 125 Recipes for Good Times," -- co-authored by her mother, Kay -- described the vision of the restaurant that her father wanted. "she recalled. "Over the park, as fireworks light up the sky and as the last party-goers exit, they will gaze at the 750,000 tiny white light bulbs that envelop the restaurant and just hope the new owners remember to keep the lights on.
Originally formed as the Gulf drug cartel's enforcement wing, the Zetas increasingly have branched out on their own.More than 12,000 people have been killed since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the drug cartels after taking office in December 2006.He has deployed thousands of military personnel and federal police in his battle against the drug traffickers.
One area was just for vaccinations.And there were lines, lines of soldiers everywhere.Was he or she in that building, stuck in line when the shooting began?
The rooms within are like a series of scenes, each with a different mood.--Margo True E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine.All rights reserved.
I have let my family down, and I regret those transgressions with all of my heart.I have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves," he said in a December 3 statement on his official Web site.US Weekly's report followed a National Enquirer article before the crash that the athlete was having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess -- an assertion the hostess vigorously denied, according to The New York Post.
They're a state of mind, a mythology we all know in our bones.April brings a private well of conflict to her middle-class prison, but Winslet is so meticulous in her telegraphed despair that she intrigues us, moves us, yet never quite touches our unguarded nerves.EW Grade: B+ CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
That day, women from the ravine had come escorting children who'd been washed with soap and rain water.When is it going to end?"Not much to say when a step forward is followed by a big leap back.
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs insists Republicans have not made serious overtures to meet the president halfway, perhaps hoping instead that Obama's struggles will help the GOP in the November midterm elections.They will not be met easily or in a short span of time."Yes we can!"
Yes Gov't buildings nearby the Palace collapsed.Yes countless countless - countless other houses, churches, hospitals, schools, and businesses have collapsed.After that - PLEASE PRAY."
On Tuesday, Toyota's president apologized as he announced the global recall of more than 400,000 of the automaker's 2010 hybrid models, including the popular Prius, for problems in their anti-lock braking systems.In addition, two problems involving gas pedals caused Toyota to recall 8.1 million vehicles worldwide since November.CNN's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report.
A day after McQueen was found dead in his London home, the 40-year-old's flagship store in the city was closed, while flowers were laid in honor and a flag was flown at half mast over the shuttered doorway.His clothing line was purchased in 1991 by stylist Isabella Blow, who became a close friend.She committed suicide in 2007, five years after his label was brought into the Gucci Group.
They are in a bit of a quandary," said Pecht, a professor at Maryland's Clark School of Engineering. "But this is the problem and we are fixing it."Hanson said the company "invited" further testing and pointed out that NHTSA officials announced a "fresh look" into the whole area of electromagnetic testing, not simply limited to Toyota.
Ipekci was editor-in-chief of the daily Milliyet.Agca was due to be taken to a military facility to assess his fitness for military service after his release.In 2006, a military hospital ruled that he was not fit for the obligatory military service due to a severe anti-social personality disorder, but the Ministry of National Defense did not approve the exemption, the Turkish news agency said.
Spiraling its way through the Chicago skyline, the Chicago Spire will have a striking corkscrew design, while a gleaming Freedom Tower is to be the highlight of the rebuilt World Trade Center.And proving the skyscraper renaissance is a global phenomenon there are stylish giants planned for Panama, Pakistan and South Korea.Anouk Lorie also contributed to this report
The Braintree, Massachusetts, police records show that police in 1986 believed they had probable cause to arrest Bishop on some charges in her brother's death.Unknown at this time how much earlier this family 'spat' had been)."Police decided not to file charges, the December 6, 1986, report by Sullivan indicates, because "with the current information it would appear to be an accidental shooting."
Leno's prime-time talk show, which debuted in September, "didn't meet affiliates' needs," said Jeff Gaspin, chairman of NBC Universal Television Entertainment.But if I was either one of those gentlemen, I would be looking elsewhere right now."CNN's Doug Hyde contributed to this report.
The new designated areas make up the largest area of ocean set aside for marine conservation in the world.You have a core conservation mission already," Chandler said. "With the Act, the president can make a designation by executive order, essentially "writing the prescription for conservation" for an area, Chandler said.
We existed, many of the parents of kids who now are getting diagnosed told me.And, they said, they weren't going to let the same not-noticing, or the same labeling with words like "lazy" or "stupid" or "bad," happen to their kids today.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Judith Warner.
The two leaders will discuss a range of global, regional and bilateral issues, the White House said.Hudson, raised in Chicago like first lady Michelle Obama, sang the National Anthem at the Democratic National Convention in August 2008 at the request of the Obama campaign, when Obama became the Democratic presidential nominee.He was sworn in as prime minister in May 2004 and again this past May. He and his wife of 51 years, Gursharan Kaur, have three daughters.
Gen. Robert Harding said Friday that, "with deep regret," he has withdrawn his name from nomination to lead the Transportation Security Administration. "Harding said that government auditors subsequently admitted "there were mistakes on both sides."Southers eventually withdrew his name from consideration after another controversy erupted involving a decades-old personnel matter.
By early afternoon, at least 155,000 customers were without power in the state -- mostly in and around Norfolk, according to the Dominion Power Web site. "With the National Weather Service indicating that eastern Virginia could experience flooding and storm surge comparable to the effects of a Category 1 hurricane, it's critical that Virginians make the necessary preparations," Kaine said. "While we will continue to monitor conditions, the commonwealth is preparing for a period of coastal flooding through at least Friday evening."
Authorities followed a blood trail from the crime scene to the female friend's trailer and found Skinner in the closet, authorities said.After his death, DNA tests established his innocence, and another man confessed to the crime.CNN's William Mears, Ashley Hayes and Emily Probst contributed to this report.
Army officials said that with the push of more than 20,000 additional troops into the Afghan theater of battle over the last few months, there have been fewer mental health professionals in the field to help.Gen. Eric Schoomaker, the Army Surgeon General told reporters Friday.The Army has implemented a number of suicide prevention programs over the past year, including training, a suicide prevention task force and a day off official duties to focus on suicide prevention.
It's like living in a jungle.Maybe when we are finished crying."Carnival was part of us."
Both fighters have made largely unsuccessful attempts at comebacks in recent years with Holyfield continuing his pursuit of an unlikely fifth title against the advice of boxing experts.He is believed to have held on to a large portion of his career earnings, but, by contrast, Tyson has suffered well-publicized financial problems.E-mail to a friend
CNN has not been able to able to verify this material.I also have friends who work and haiti and the last thing I heard is that the hotel located near petion ville where they stay at collapsed and are trying to rescue victims as well." --Commentor on CNN story
The suicides were about evenly divided among those who had returned from deployment, those who were still deployed -- some on a third or fourth tour -- and those who had never been deployed, Chiarelli said.Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, said the efforts have not sufficed.Linnington called the spate of self-directed violence at the school "troubling and unacceptable" and said preventive measures there had been beefed up in recent months.
Pedro Barbosa, the vice president of the Civil Protection Agency in Madeira, told CNN that an unknown number of people were missing -- perhaps dozens, he said.There have been no reports of any dead or missing tourists.CNN's Umaro Djau contributed to this report.
Suddenly, a pickup truck hauling a half dozen armed policemen squeals to a halt.Bill Clinton, the former U.S. president who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti, said Sunday that 40 percent of the Haitian police force has reported for duty since the January 12 temblor.CNN's Anderson Cooper and Jason Carroll contributed to this report.
In the end, Pyongyang wants direct talks with Washington that will eventually lead to diplomatic ties, a peace treaty and economic and trade relations. "Earlier reports in Seoul claimed that North Korea is in the final stages of restoring its Yongbyon nuclear plant, which Pyongyang had begun to disable before walking away from the six-party talks in April.CNN's Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report.
It doesn't make sense.The Web site item asked for donations to "help us get back to work."CNN's Deirdre Walsh, Dana Bash, Lesa Jansen and Tom Cohen contributed to this report.
About 200 flights a day are taking off and landing at the one-runway airport each day, said Army Major Gen. Daniel B. Allyn, deputy commander of the joint task force providing relief.Full coverage l Twitter updates The group had been ready since last Wednesday, one day after the earthquake, but had to sit at the airport in France for two days because there was no plane available to take them, said a frustrated Oustalet Jean-Philippe, the other co-leader for Secouristes Sans Frontieres.They were joined by the five doctors, four paramedics, 11 rescuers and four dogs on the French team.
I thought it was great when I heard. "But does it mean it's a good musical decade or a bad musical decade?I don't know, I'm such a bad judge of my own stuff."
He was 59.But Pendergrass returned to the studio in 1984 in his wheelchair to record an album.Before his death, Pendergrass was working on a musical documenting his life, called "I Am Who I Am."
Get the latest developments on Haiti The man and teenage girl found alive earlier in the day were taken to a U.N. hospital at Port-au-Prince's airport, where the girl, about 13, was treated for leg injuries and the man treated for undetermined injuries.Work was temporarily suspended as rescuers evaluated whether they should reinforce the floor or work in a different area, McDermott said.CNN's Anderson Cooper, Susan Candiotti, Rich Phillips and Mary Lucas contributed to this report.
The incident occurred Friday when Muhammad Abu Tahir, a Pakistani national and lawful permanent U.S. resident of Glen Allen, Virginia, was aboard AirTran Airways Flight 39 from Atlanta, Georgia, to San Francisco, California.On Wednesday, NORAD escorted a Hawaii-bound plane back to its origination city of Portland, Oregon, after a passenger gave a flight attendant a note that was interpreted as being threatening.The passenger, Joseph Hedlund Johnson, 56, told the FBI he hadn't intended to scare anyone with the note, which began, "I thought I was going to die," and referenced the television show "Gilligan's Island."
Gustavo Valsangiacomo, president of the Argentina Beef Industry Union, declined to say the boycott was responsible for the price drop.The group cited success in a similar recent boycott of tomatoes, which also had risen in price.But the drastic decline in beef cattle has led some Argentineans to worry the nation eventually could have to import beef to keep up with the high demand.
That sort of thing.At first you just feel really stupid going hee-hee-hee, haw-haw-haw, but then you really do start laughing and it... it's such a release," she says. "All rights reserved.
The American defeated fourth seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus 6-3 7-5 in the final, having also won their only previous encounter at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.The Russian made short work of the 102-ranked Swede, who reached the final after coming through qualifying rounds but won the tournament four years ago.The 22-year-old Sharapova won her fifth consecutive match in straight sets, claiming her first title since triumphing in Tokyo in October last year as she continues her rehabilitation from long-term shoulder problems.
It is his first fight since a stunning knockout of Britain's Ricky Hatton sixth months ago at the same venue.Pacquiao, who's won 49 fights, lost 3 and drawn 2, is being lined up for a money spinning fight with American Floyd Mayweather, but first must get past the determined Cotto, who has held a world title every year since 2004.Pacquiao is rated as favorite by Las Vegas oddsmakers, but Cotto has just one defeat in 35 fights with 27 knockouts.
Bustling Nowy Świat Street flows into elegant Krakowskie Przedmieście Street as you near the Old Town, Stare Miasto.See more photos of Warsaw's places and people » To get a feel for the city that was known as the Paris of Eastern Europe before World War II, stroll down Nowy Świat Street, lined with restaurants, cafes, bookstores and small shops.E-mail to a friend
A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Monday also indicates the vast majority of Americans believe that full-body scanners should be used in airports across the country.The public seems to react calmly to individual incidents, possibly because most Americans believe that the government cannot prevent every single terrorist plot from occurring."CNN deputy political director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
Sam had severe changes in her urinary and reproductive tract that was non-operable and unfortunately had to put Sam to sleep," the statement said. "The changes were consistent with the Chlamydia infection.It was so severe that there was no possible way to be able to manage her pain."
Seven suspects were arrested in June 2006 for allegedly conspiring to blow up buildings, including the 110-story Sears Tower, the nation's tallest building, in Chicago, Illinois; the FBI's Miami office and others.In other excerpts, Batiste told the informant his people needed training, and they discussed going to Chicago because the city has underground trains and tunnels.CNN's John Couwels contributed to this report.
Arcade Comeaux Jr., 49, "produced a weapon and fired upon two correctional officers, took them hostage and forced them to drive to Baytown, Texas," the U.S. Marshals Service said in a statement.The last one was several years ago."Texas Department of Criminal Justice Executive Director Brad Livingston, who has been in the job since 2005, did not immediately respond to a call seeking comment.
But he also praised the peacemakers of the past and said the world can and should still strive for peace. "CNN: Will the focus on the Afghanistan war being "just" be well received by world leaders?Obama wants the U.S. to play a world role that is progressive and idealistic, but remains aware of the practical limitations inherent in trying to operate in a messy world.
Bail for registered sex offender Anthony Sowell was set at $1 million on the rape charges.When she regained consciousness, he led her out of the house."CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
The official cause of death was undetermined as of Tuesday afternoon, Fayetteville police said in written statement.It's not the result I wanted, it's not the result any father or family would want for their children," he said. "CNN's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report.
AOL Autos: 10 cars with the best gas mileage MINI stands alone in the next size category (mini-subcompact), with its two variations (manual and automatic) delivering 28/37 combined and 26/34 respectively.On a fleet basis, the best performing manufacturer is BMW's MINI division, with three models averaging out at just over 27 mpg city/highway.Number of vehicles for each manufacturer includes variations in transmission, engine and trim, and fuel octane requirements.
The boy had attended the Monroe-Woodbury Central School District but recently began attending another school, police said.In a statement released by the Monroe-Woodbury Central School District today, superintendent Joseph DiLorenzo indicated that students had come forward with information that may have averted the alleged plot. "We are working closely with law enforcement to do everything possible to keep our children safe," he said.
Clad in bright colors, participants carry instruments (such as whistles) and umbrellas while parading from Keizersgracht Street past City Hall and into Rose Street.Up to 2,800 minstrels paint their faces white and storm the streets for the Cape Town Minstrel Carnival.Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip.
The three escapees, (from left) Jerry Sargent, Christopher Marshall and Bobby Cockerell, were captured in Nebraska.One of the three brothers was hospitalized after the attack, while the other two were treated and released.CNN's Melissa Roberts contributed to this report.
We're going to soak up everything we can from him while he's here."Most of the guys from my team have been pretty respectful that way, but I'm so used to hearing it from the fans and from other teams that it doesn't bother me," the defenseman said.We get on a roll, things start going good, maybe I'll get that urge to come back again."
Messi's predecessor as World Player of the Year, Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo is a close third in the list on €30 million ($40.08m) but there is a big gap to the fourth-placed player, Ronaldo's teammate Kaka on €18.8 million ($25.11m).Thierry Henry, Ronaldinho, Carlos Tevez, Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Frank Lampard and Samuel Eto'o make up the rest of the top 10.Inter Milan's Jose Mourinho tops the manager's rich list with €13 million ($17.36 m) ahead of Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini on €12 million ($16.02m).
Jack didn't like the gory stuff."There was a very positive force of energy around him."E-mail to a friend
Lerato Nomvuyo Mzamane sued Winfrey, contending she defamed Mzamane when talking about an abuse scandal at the school she ran in 2007.When Winfrey opened the school at the beginning of 2007, she said she hoped it would provide opportunities to girls from poor backgrounds.She personally approved each of the students, many of whom were at the top of their classes.
The Lord's Resistance Army carried out the brutal campaign in northeastern Congo over four days, killing at least 321, according to a report by Human Rights Watch.The Makombo massacre is the deadliest documented attack by the LRA since rampages around Christmas 2008 left scores of Congolese dead.Dozens of other attacks against civilians have been carried out in other areas in recent months, Human Rights Watch said.
It follows Britain's expulsion of an Israeli diplomat and its accusation that the Israeli government was responsible for forging British passports used in an international murder plot.In an interview Tuesday with the Australian Broadcasting Company, Smith said Australia was not taking any action yet. "The notices are not international arrest warrants, but are a way of alerting police forces around the world that the suspects are wanted by United Arab Emirates authorities.
Bradley also has medical licenses in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Florida.Authorities have said they have contacted officials in those states.The next step in the proceedings is a case review May 17, according to Kerry Angell, a spokeswoman for the Delaware Department of Justice.
The Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) carried out the brutal campaign in northeastern Congo over four days in December, the report said.The two commanders who perpetrated the December massacre report to one of those indicted leaders, according to Human Rights Watch.The Makombo massacre is the deadliest documented attack by the LRA since killing sprees around Christmas 2008 left scores of Congolese dead, but dozens of other attacks against civilians have been carried out in other areas in recent months, Human Rights Watch said.
Among other things, Gates said the Pentagon is raising the threshold for what constitutes an appropriate level of information necessary to launch a "credible inquiry" into allegations of homosexual behavior.In 1994, shortly after the "don't ask, don't tell" policy was implemented, 53 percent of Americans believed openly gay people should be allowed to serve in the military, while 41 percent were opposed.CNN's Alan Silverleib and Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
As a leader of the United Christian Youth Movement of North America beginning in 1933, "she worked to prevent lynching, desegregate the armed forces, reform the criminal justice system and for free access to public accommodations," the site says.She was elected president of the NCNW in 1957 and held the post until 1998.CNN's Lindy Royce contributed to this report.
The Reid campaign describes LaPierre as "one of the senator's supporters."We're not inciting violence.CNN's Ed Henry, Kevin Bohn and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report.
2 Novak Djokovic stumbled at the opening hurdle at the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami, but Rafael Nadal and Andy Roddick cruised into the third round.9 Samantha Stosur and Russia's No.11 Vera Zvonareva.
The rally, in Tucson, Arizona, was their first joint public appearance since McCain conceded the 2008 presidential election.From Arizona, Palin heads to Searchlight, Nevada, to be the keynote speaker Saturday for the kickoff rally of the Tea Party Express cross-country caravan to protest big government spending.CNN's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report.
The woman has denied the allegation, but several others have come forward to claim that they had sexual relationships with Woods, who has two children with his wife, former model Elin Nordegren.In a carefully-managed March statement, delivered to a small, hand-picked crowd, Woods said he was in inpatient therapy for 45 days from the end of December to early February for "issues," which he did not explain.The controversy prompted several major sponsors to suspend or drop their relationships with Woods, who also apologized to his business partners for his behavior.
The 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals, based in San Francisco, California, ruled 2-1 Thursday that the pledge does not represent a government endorsement of religion, prohibited by the Constitution. "Today, the court got it absolutely right: Recitation of the pledge is a patriotic exercise, not a religious prayer.... Every reasonable person knows that, and today's decision is a breath of fresh air from a court system that has too often seemed to be almost allergic to public references to God."The case is Newdow v. Rio Linda Union School District (05-17257).
But at a small, family-run and highly regarded chicken farm on the outskirts of the San Francisco, they're a relatively common sight. "I'm sorry that this thing you have worked so hard for is done and there's nothing anyone can do about it,'" Powell said.Through the intrepid determination and loyal commitment of a true community, Soul Food Farm is back on the map.
The first court case was brought against the UK government in 2002 by Annette Carson, a British resident who moved to South Africa in 1989.A British expatriate who retires to Australia, for example, receives less money each week than if they had contributed the same amount during their working life and then emigrated to Barbados, Croatia, the Philippines, the United States, or one of more than 40 countries which do have reciprocal UK agreements.So, £82 would be a darn sight better."
Bishop John Magee of the diocese of Cloyne said he tendered his resignation to Pope Benedict XVI on March 9. "He did not report his findings to the police and asked two teenagers who gave him evidence to sign oaths of secrecy.CNN's Diana Magnay contributed to this report
4 seed Caroline Wozniacki at the Australian Open on Monday in Melbourne, following compatriot Zheng Jie into the quarterfinals -- the first time Chinese women have made it this far in the season's first Grand Slam.She played really well in the first set.She next faces the unseeded Kirilenko, who put out former champion Maria Sharapova in the first round.
The Fast Forward exhibiton shows how F1 technology can improve all our lives.The Carbon fibre composite chassis design first introduced into Formula One by McLaren engineer John Barnard in the 1984 has found its way into a range of products outside the sport.If that eventually filters down into products and services that we can all benefit from then that can't be a bad thing.
Repair work should be "unobtrusive," the museum said.The painting should be ready in time for the late April exhibition of 250 works by Picasso, the museum said.The painting marked Picasso's move from his "Blue period" to his "Rose period," when his creations showcased costumed acrobats reminiscent of characters in Italian comedy stage plays, according to the museum.
It lets you... meet other people," she said. "When people want to use [communication technologies] in a creative way, that's really exciting."So as soon as we finally nail this down you'll have another group of talented artists that are going to say, 'Well, I'm going to do something completely different.'"
Residents reported as many as eight tornadoes touching down -- overturning mobile homes, ripping out trees and plunging neighborhoods into darkness.There was debris but no immediate report of injuries, he said.CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras contributed to this report.
Lee Anthony Evans, 56, and Philander Hampton, 53, were arrested Monday night.The case will next be presented to a grand jury on a date to be determined.Evans and Hampton are being held at Essex County Correctional Facility in lieu of $5 million bail.
These changes reflect some of the insights we have gained over 17 years of implementing the current law, including the need for consistency, oversight and clear standards," Gates said.President Obama and Adm. Mike Mullen, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, support a legislative repeal of "don't ask, don't tell," which was first enacted in 1993.Some senior members of the military, however, have expressed concern over the impact of the ban's repeal on unit cohesion and morale, among other things.
In a recent study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, one out of 17 women of childbearing age in the United States has mercury in her blood above the level that could pose a risk to a developing fetus (5.8 micrograms per liter).It will be several years before researchers know if the regulations are making a difference.Until then, health experts say enjoy fish -- it's good for you -- but be like Jackie Kaminer and pick your fish wisely.
The alert, issued Sunday by the State Department, is in effect until August 20 and supersedes an alert issued August 20, 2009. "Travelers on the highways between Monterrey and other parts of Mexico to the United States (notably through Nuevo Laredo and Matamoros) have been targeted for robbery and violence and have also inadvertently been caught in incidents of gunfire between criminals and Mexican law enforcement.Such incidents are more likely to occur at night but may occur at any time," the alert says.
Nakheel had been due to pay a $3.5 billion convertible loan which expires on December 14.This is not just a couple of billion story," Turker Hamzaoglu, EMEA economist at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research told CNN. "there are some other markets, say Brazil or Russia, that investors can be interested in, rather than taking this high risk for the region," he said.
Australian consular officials will be in court when it renders its decision on the fate of Stern Hu, the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said Thursday.The deal soured as opposition party members in Australia ratcheted up their disapproval, saying it would put Australian resources at strategic risk.Others saw the deal as an alliance that would further link resource-rich Australia with the commodities-hungry Chinese market.
Another 200,000 people died in the conflict between the leftist guerrillas and right-wing governments.The children were taken for financial and political reasons, he said.CNN's Arthur Brice contributed to this report
He required a second transplant from another donor.It was one of the most emotional moments of my life," Karas said. "Short of fathering my own three sons, clearly this is the greatest thing I've ever been able to do."
The arresting officer in the incident was unavailable for comment Friday.Attempts to reach Wolfe were also unsuccessful.Wolfe will be charged with one charge of public drunkenness, police said.
Michelle and John Phillips divorced in 1970; late that year, Michelle was married to Dennis Hopper for eight days.That is how great Nityananda is," he told the New York Post's Page Six. "Worship Nityananda, not the Phillips family."
UNIFIL Maritime Task Force immediately responded to the location with three ships, the frigate 'Zeffiro' (Italy), mine hunter 'Laboe' (Germany) and supply ship 'Mosel' (Germany), that have since been engaged in the search and rescue operations in collaboration with the Lebanese Navy," Friday's statement said.Searchers said the survivors, who are of different nationalities, received medical treatment on board UNIFIL ships before being taken ashore.CNN's Nada Husseini contributed to this report
The Celebrity Cruises ship Mercury departed Charleston, South Carolina, February 15 and headed for the eastern Caribbean, according to a Celebrity Cruises statement.Norovirus was the cause of two outbreaks on the Mercury in 2009, the CDC reported.The outbreaks reported and investigated by the CDC infected at least 3 percent of the people onboard the cruises carrying at least 100 passengers for anytime between three days to three weeks.
A search turned up the remaining seven bodies in and around the home, which is about 75 miles southwest of Richmond, Virginia's capital.On Wednesday, a search of the home turned up explosive devices, Molinar said.He said authorities were safely detonating the devices but he did not describe them.
In addition to the meetings with the APEC heads of state, Obama planned to hold three bilateral meetings -- with the leaders of Russia, Indonesia and Singapore.Obama will make clear to Chinese President Hu Jintao that he intends to meet with the Dalai Lama, the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader, Bader said.China, which rejects Tibetan aspirations for autonomy, opposes such high-level contacts with the Dalai Lama.
I am proud to say that I am a fortunate homosexual man," Martin wrote on his official Web site. "The decision to come out was initiated a few months ago, when he began writing his memoirs, he said. "I can only focus on what's happening to me in this moment."
Prince Andrew is Queen Elizabeth's second son after Prince Charles and is also called the Duke of York.He served as a helicopter pilot in the Royal Navy for 22 years and is currently Britain's special representative for international trade and investment.British papers reported last year that the prince bought a 200,000-pound ($312,400) Bentley Arnage, which joined his existing limited-edition Aston Martin Virage V8 Volante.
It's not a coincidence that the impressive new premises of the Securities and Exchange Commission are located across the street from Washington's Union Station.And now the distance has vanished to nothing, and the one-time junior partner has gained the upper hand.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum
It will complete a report within six months, he said.It was her dream job," Gross said. "She loved the animals like they were her own children.... She loved what she did."
2 international carrier, with 42.2 million passengers, according to the International Air Transport Association.Hours after it started, the union representing most of British Airways cabin staff voted to strike, but did not set a date.Send your views and experiences to CNN iReport CNN's Frederik Pleitgen, Erin McLaughlin, Stefan Simons, Kevin Voigt, Alix Bayle and Greg Morrison contributed to this report.
The phenomenal success of microblogging site Twitter and its plans for the future dominated the two-day event's opening sessions for bloggers and industry leaders, held in a converted morgue in the city's northeastern suburbs.People need to be producing more than just apps."More than 2,000 participants from 46 countries were expected in Paris for the Le Web conference, one of Europe's largest annual tech events.
After 9/11, families frantically drove into New York City, trying to display their loved ones' photographs to the public in hopes of recovering the person -- or their body.Several hundred submitted photos to iReport, asking for help in identifying their missing loved ones.So far, she hasn't heard anything.
We continue to urge the public who live in these areas to evacuate, to heed the warnings of our police officers and firefighters, our first responders, who are there to protect your public safety," the mayor said.Are you affected by the storms?CNN's Sean Morris contributed to this report.
The boy, however, was swept away.The storms stem from El Nino, a warm ocean current from the South Pacific, meteorologists said.CNN's Sean Morris contributed to this report.
Hundreds of militants have laid down their weapons in exchange for a pardon and a job.The state-run China Daily reported in September that the China National Offshore Oil Corporation was negotiating with Nigeria over a $30 billion oil deal.Nigeria hopes to leverage the fragile peace to reap big dollars from its oil industry, Ajumogobia said.
Consumption means performance. "There won't be any refuelling anymore so consuming less means less petrol on board and therefore better lap times.Whoever consumes less will be faster on the track."
Maybe you can be too, eventually.As the Supreme Court rightly noted today, "The First Amendment confirms the freedom to think for ourselves."The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Welch.
U.S. and Jordanian intelligence agencies apparently believed he was a reformed extremist and were using him to hunt al-Zawahiri.In fact, President Obama has not only continued what President Bush started, he's built on it," the official said.CNN Intelligence Producer Pam Benson and Pentagon Supervising Producer Adam Levine contributed to this report.
However, many matchmakers will list you in their database for a smaller fee.I'll say, 'You want to be 80 [and alone] in the nursing home?' " "she said.
The apology... is... very much just the first step," said a spokeswoman for Jenny Macklin, the minister for Families, Housing, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs. "The apology is symbolic, but there's a lot of hard work to be done to reverse those inequalities."E-mail to a friend CNN's Jacqueline Head and Hugh Riminton contributed to this report
A 5.9-magnitude aftershock Wednesday had given her new patients.And I'll have plenty of time to sleep this weekend."And, no doubt, have a good cry or two.
World welterweight champion Pacquiao will now fight Ghana's Joshua Clottey in Dallas on March 13, following a breakdown in talks with Mayweather's camp ause of a row over blood and urine testing, but the Filipino is still hopeful that a deal can be agreed for the fight to take place this summer.I'm not cheating.I'm a very honest fighter."
Republican candidate and military hero Gen. Dwight Eisenhower said on the campaign trail.It would be a tragedy if a politician who headed a historic campaign based on the promise of extracting the United States from a very unpopular war would wind up bogged down in a quagmire of his own.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer.
Well, we're watching the news unfold, and I just don't know what to think," said Gepsi Metellus, executive director of the Sant La Haitian Neighborhood Center in Miami, Florida.It's already so bad."The State Department Operations Center has set up the following number for Americans seeking information about family members in Haiti: 1-888-407-4747 CNN's John Blake contributed to this report.
The boat toppled as passengers weighted down one side to disembark, Islam said.Police and firefighters rushed to aid passengers, many of whom were trapped in the lower deck.CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report
He then "insidiously" shot them from the back, it added. "The accusation is that the accused let himself be led by the National Socialist (Nazi) ideology, corresponding to an extremely hostile and inhumane attitude toward the victims, who he viewed as inferior," the court said.The court said it must now decide whether to open proceedings against the man, who has two weeks in which to raise any objections.
The queen's July 6 speech will come at the conclusion of a nine-day trip to Canada with her husband, the Duke of Edinburgh.She will address the United Nations in her capacity as head of state of 16 U.N. member states, the mission said in a news release.Queen Elizabeth is head of state for the United Kingdom, Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Canada, Grenada, Jamaica, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, the Solomon Islands and Tuvalu.
He returned to Britain on Christmas Eve and is now looking to sell his story.He said he and Palmer had since spoken only to discuss the case and don't have a relationship.She was not at the news conference.
He also met with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Beijing regards the Nobel Peace Prize laureate as a separatist who wishes to sever Tibet from China.CNN's Jo Kent, Emily Chang, Jill Dougherty, Jaime FlorCruz, Paul Steinhauser and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
There are 45,000 Americans living in Haiti, and the U.S. Embassy, as of Wednesday, has been able to reach only 40 of them, according to a release from the U.S. State Department.There are people who want to drop off medicine and food and water at the center, but we don't even know if that's what's needed, much less if we will be able to get those supplies to the island."The State Department Operations Center has set up the following number for Americans seeking information about family members in Haiti: 1-888-407-4747 CNN's Jessica Ravitz, Stephanie Chen, Ashley Fantz and John Blake contributed to this report.
News14: Tornado touches down in Charlotte Local law enforcement reported another tornado north of Greensboro, North Carolina, the weather service said.The storm was also producing 70 mph winds and hail as large as baseball or tennis-ball size, Jeras reported. "As daylight comes we'll know really more about what kind of damage we are facing," Jarema said.
Eventually, the convoy was forced to leave the scene, with some survivors chasing after the truck trying to hold on to the back.The collapse of the infrastructure in Haiti, the small size of the airport, the time it takes a ship to get from point A to point B, those are all just facts of life."CNN's Steve Kastenbaum, Larry Shaughnessy and Elise Labott contributed to this report
The FARC already released a hostage Sunday.The television station denied any wrongdoing, and Cordoba said that the humanitarian party had not noticed that the network had someone in the jungle filming.The guerrilla group operates mostly in Colombia but has carried out extortion, kidnappings and other activities in Venezuela, Panama and Ecuador, analysts say.
Riders cram into a train last month in New Delhi, India.The United States is expected to reach 439 million for No.3 on the list.
Lester Hobbs is not Johnson's biological father and has an extensive criminal history, police say.Johnson's biological father was awarded emergency custody of her in November, according to Oklahoma County District Court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KWTV of Oklahoma City.At a hearing, Tonya Hobbs -- identified as Tonya Dunkin in the documents -- and the girl's father, John Johnson, agreed that she would have supervised visitation with the girl and that she would keep the child away from Lester Hobbs, the documents said.
The arrested man is Ricardo Valles de la Rosa, municipal police spokesman Jacinto Seguro said.His wife was not traveling with him, but two of their children in the car were wounded, officials said.CNN's Carol Cratty contributed to this report.
I felt like the whole car was going to take off like an airplane," he said, laughing.This is Haiti.No laugh there either.
With lawmakers back in their districts for the spring work period, the conversation just moves to a different platform.Despite the opposing messages, both sides say the public supports them.3 -- stop the rewards system that enables you to raise a lot of money after using outrageous and bizarre behavior," she added.
I'm still praying that God will get me out, but he may not.It warned him not to sleep.Happiness is a morning with... family, filled with Legos, kissing boo-boos and normalcy."
Zachariah's ancestors arrived in India in the 18th century from the Syrian cities of Aleppo and Damascus.Too late now.It is 1 p.m. And at that hour, Zachariah's voice gives way to the muezzin's call to prayer.
Swiss authorities are working closely with French authorities, Gill said.The robbers spoke French and drove vehicles with French license plates.CNN's Andreena Narayan contributed to this report.
It means a lot to me," she said of the outreach from others. "The only pending issue, Sun said, is the question of damages and the ACLU's request for attorneys' fees.The story is expected to air in late May or early June.
Jorge Antonio Mercado Alonso, 23, and Javier Francisco Arredondo Verdugo, 24, were mechanical engineering graduate students at the Technological Institute of Higher Learning of Monterrey, the Mexican Interior Ministry said Sunday in its apology for the shootings.I want to offer my most deeply felt condolences to the family of our two students and offer them our support in this difficult situation."Mexicans say tourism along the border has declined significantly this year.
Mukantabana admits that it was difficult to forgive.What put her on the road to healing, she said, was the gacaca process. "Amazingly, many seem to have forgiven.
I am finally ready to stop this insanity.Well, Mr. Big Brother IRS man, let's try something different; take my pound of flesh and sleep well."Sheryl Stack issued a statement after the attack expressing "sincere sympathy to the victims and their families."
The man was released earlier this fall by Kenyan authorities due to lack of evidence, the newspaper Politiken reported.Declaring that "tall buildings are back," the company predicts that the groundbreaking techniques it used to push the Burj to new heights should enable the construction of even taller towers in the future.They intrigue us.
It is with deep sorrow that the administration, coaching staff, players and executives of the club would like to express their condolences to his family, particularly to his wife Sonia and their five-year-old daughter Miranda. "An autopsy will be held at the General Academic Hospital in Larissa to determine the precise reasons of his death."De Nigris represented his country at the 2001 Copa America and scored a superb goal against Brazil on his international debut.
Investigators found no sign of a forced entry into Carradine's room, Bangkok Police Lt.Police later confirmed that information.CNN's Jack Hannah, Kocha Olarn and A. Pawlowski contributed to this report.
But in her case, that includes a menagerie of family pets.My horse was such a good friend and by my side through the ups and downs of life," pet cemetery owner Lally said. "Like me, many others see their pets as part of the family and want to be together with them even in death."
On Monday, the Solomon Islands were hit by eight quakes in 14 hours, starting at 8:48 a.m. local time and causing damage to at least one village.Rattling the islands were a strong 6.5-magnitude quake at 8:48 a.m. and a more powerful 7.2-magnitude tremor less than an hour later.The Solomon Islands are situated in the so-called Ring of Fire, an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.
Federal government officials said the four -- including teams in Texas, Ohio and two in California -- were not flown there because Haiti could not "absorb" them and because they were being held as relief for crews that made it into the country.See how rescuers race against time USAID spokesman Evan Casson Coutts said the agency made the decision to withhold the four U.S. teams "in consultation with the Haitian government."Based on postings on their Web sites, the teams thought they were going to Haiti, until being told to stand down Monday.
She was granted a 30-day extension to deal with the issue but still was not ready to deploy after the extension had expired, the Army said. "The investigation revealed evidence, from both other soldiers and from Private Hutchinson herself, that she didn't intend to deploy to Afghanistan with her unit and deliberately sought ways out of the deployment," the Army statement said.Hutchinson could not be immediately reached for comment.
The government, in spite of all the difficulties, should appear more to the people," Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim said in an interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour. "Amorim, who has just been to Haiti, said it was also vital to rebuild the country's national symbols. "I think this is very important so that the Haitian people feel also not only that they are receiving food and water, but also they are recovering their self-esteem," he said.
Shawne Merriman is accused of restraining reality TV star Tila Tequlia as she tried to leave his home, police say. "The team begins its 2009 NFL regular-season campaign September 14 in Oakland, California, for a game against the Raiders.Merriman, a three-time Pro Bowl selection, recorded at least 10 sacks in each of his first three seasons, but he was limited to one game last season because of a knee injury that required surgery.
The United Nations "will continue to work with the major international donors who have been generous enough to provide humanitarian assistance, dispatching search-and-rescue teams.Get the latest developments in Haiti By Friday, 13,000 bodies had been recovered, said U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Edmond Mulet.The Port-au-Prince airport remained overwhelmed by the influx of air traffic bringing in supplies, although an overhead photo Sunday showed activity and numerous planes on the ground.
The president plans to meet with Chinese President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao, Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, South Korean President Lee Myung-bak, Russia President Dmitry Medvedev and Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, and will take part in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit.There must be no doubt: as America's first Pacific president, I promise you that this Pacific nation will strengthen and sustain our leadership in this vitally important part of the world," he said.Obama's first trip to China will include a town hall-style meeting in Shanghai and sightseeing in Beijing, including a stop at the Great Wall.
The industry really intended that symbol to be a merit badge for true winter tires, not for a multi purpose or multi use tires like on-/off-road all terrain or highway all-season," he said. "He explained that today's winter tires have come a long way: "They go beyond the deep aggressive lug 'snow' tire that many of our parents put on the back of family station wagon."E-mail to a friend
The south coast side are the first Premier League side to call in administrators since the division was formed 18 years ago, fueling a financial boom in English football on the back of lucrative TV rights. "Leeds United went into administration in 2007, three years after their relegation from the Premier League and six years after the club had reached the semifinals of the Champions League.Leicester City and Portsmouth's south coast rivals Southampton also went into administration after losing their places in the top division.
1 golfer to take an "indefinite break" from the sport.There is a mystique which has been lost now and let's hope that golf isn't damaged by that, and it shouldn't be. "There was an aura, and that wall has been split slightly, so there are cracks and I feel that it gives us more opportunity of winning these big events now."
Not having the heart or the energy to respond, I gave her bony arm a slight squeeze, turned and walked away.Honey," she said, "you don't know me, but when I saw you standing up here on this hill, I knew that you must be one of the girls and I couldn't help myself but to drive up here and let you know how much me and my whole family loved both of your parents.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Wallace Kennedy.
The work involves removing dozens of tiny bolts and replacing old circuit cards with new ones. "Thousands of objects hurtle through the heavens, some as large as several feet in diameter, and the Hubble's orbit is more crowded with space junk than that of the international space station, which orbits at a lower altitude, NASA said.Regardless of my intellectual knowledge that this is a satellite and it's a satellite that people created and has electronics in it and optics and it does its job," he said, "it's impossible not give it some human characteristics and feel sadness when we see it floating away."
According to a police report, Woods pulled out of his driveway about 2:25 a.m. Friday in a 2009 Cadillac SUV and struck a fire hydrant, then a tree.At least one other charity event is scheduled, but it is not clear if Woods had planned to attend.CNN's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report.
He was selected by Democratic presidential nominee John F. Kennedy.Lyndon Johnson was the man, and he delivered Texas, which helped John Kennedy in a very close race," Edwards said.Those reports raised questions about Eagleton's fitness to serve, and the concerns about his health were disastrous for McGovern's campaign against Nixon.
The global recall now covers more than 950,000 vehicles.Honda said it will notify affected customers by mail and phone with instructions on how to have their vehicles inspected and updated at an authorized dealer.Last month, Honda announced a separate recall of 646,000 2007 and 2008 Fit, City and Jazz models worldwide, after a fire hazard involving a power window switch resulted in a death in South Africa.
There's just no way in the business model of network television for a producer out in Hollywood to say 'Here's the concept, and I've got this star, this star and this star,' " Zurawik said. "The economics for that are just not there, and neither is the audience."They're not dead, but there are just not as many."
Penalties and fees The House and Senate bills both require payments from individuals who choose not to get health care coverage.Under current Medicare limits, seniors must pick up the costs once their drug costs reach $2,830 and pay all costs out of pocket until they reach $4,550, at which point Medicare coverage kicks back in.CNN's Lisa Desjardins, Kristi Keck and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
The man who authorities say was the pilot, Andrew Joseph "Joe" Stack III of Austin, and Vernon Hunter of Cedar Park have been identified as the two people killed Thursday, according to the Travis County medical examiner's office.Agents were looking into whether the seats of the plane were removed to accommodate a fuel drum in an effort to cause maximum damage, an official familiar with the investigation said Friday.I never saw that."
During this exchange, Arenas stated, 'You said you were going to shoot me, so I thought you would like some firepower.Phillips said the investigation into the second player was ongoing.CNN's Terry Frieden contributed to this report.
Obama slipped into Bagram Air Base near Kabul under the cover of darkness Sunday.After the 30-minute meeting, Obama said he wanted to send a "strong message" that the partnership between the nations would continue.The U.S. president landed at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland shortly before 9 a.m. ET.
'Cause you have to remember, this was my fifth album without having had a major hit," he says.I watched what he had done and tracked his past records," he says. "I set out to make a living as a musician, and this is the way it happened," he said.
She says she realized she would eventually be unable to walk. "The National Multiple Sclerosis Society defines MS as a "chronic, often disabling disease that attacks the central nervous system, which is made up of the brain, spinal cord and optic nerves."She says she occasionally has some weakness in her leg, but that she is thankful for every day: "I don't ever take jumping out of bed for granted."
I can't describe it."Napier said two sheriff's deputies were at the scene and McCroskey was ticketed for driving without a license.CNN's Gary Tuchman and Susan Chun contributed to this report.
Escalante, 79, was surrounded by his wife, children and grandchildren when he died at his home in Roseville, California, said Edward James Olmos.Escalante recently returned to California for medical treatment.CNN's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report.
It's not easy to win.I was so nervous coming down the stretch.I still don't know how I hit the shot on 18 - my hands were shaking."
We all had periods we were parked up.I think it was the advantage of making the least amount of mistakes of anybody that won us the race."Wild Oats, who set the race record in 2005, was bidding for a fifth win, but trailed Alfa Romeo out of Sydney Harbor in the traditional Boxing Day start and was never able to get on terms with the leader.
Cornell officials had previously said authorities confirmed four other deaths at the school as suicides.The first sentence of the quote has been written in chalk on one of the bridges where the suicides took place.CNN's Cassie Spodak contributed to this report.
Justices John Paul Stevens and Clarence Thomas disagreed over whether to grant a stay of execution for Cecil Johnson Jr. The stay eventually was denied, and about an hour later, at 2:34 a.m., Johnson was put to death by lethal injection at a Nashville, Tennessee, prison.The high court had been presented with Johnson's emergency appeal early Tuesday afternoon, but apparently the time needed to produce the Stevens and Thomas statements delayed the high court from issuing its denial of a stay until 1:38 a.m. Wednesday.The execution was carried out as scheduled, with no problems reported by corrections officials.
Special services are also seeking three suspected accomplices of the bombers, Russian state TV reported, citing Moscow police spokesman Viktor Biryukov.An estimated 500,000 people were riding trains throughout the capital at the time of the attacks.CNN's Matthew Chance, Claire Sebastian and Max Tkachenko contributed to this report.
We want them to be well cared-for."If a family is in the process of adopting from Haiti and wants information, family members can send an e-mail to askci@state.gov.CNN's Melissa Gray, Richard Greene and Elise Labott contributed to this report.
Always nervous about being tagged by Republicans in a conservative era as too close to socialism, Democrats in Congress and in the White House since the 1960s have tended to distance themselves from fringe elements of the left.Since Miller, a New York congressman, was known for his close ties to the right, Democrats could charge that Republicans had not balanced their ticket.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer.
Last year, when he was hampered by injuries, was the only time that Drogba has not figured in the top three since 2003.Keita is the nephew of former winner Salif Keita.The award ceremony will take place on February 25 in Dakar, Senegal, a month after the African Cup of Nations takes place in Angola.
There were other off-key things in the note.Who was the makeup editor on the sports desk, with the thick glasses?The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene.
When you count our extended family -- the dozens of cousins and aunts and uncles -- there's several hundred of us in Haiti, and we don't know where most of them are," she said from her home in Binghamton, New York.It's going to be hard, but we have college degrees, jobs, a big house," she said. "We're going to manage, because they're family, and that's what you do."
In 1998, six competitors died and several boats were lost during a fierce storm on the first night.Two years ago the fleet was also hit by similar conditions and eight yachtsman had to abandon a sinking craft.The forecasted light winds are expected to favor the bigger yachts who can use their giant spinnakers to good effect as they head for Constitution Harbor in Hobart.
Searchers have been looking for 46 missing sailors from the 1,200-ton ship Cheonan, a naval ship that sank Friday in the Yellow Sea near the maritime border of North and South Korea.Given Baengyeong Island's proximity to North Korea, North Korean involvement had been feared, but South Korean officials have continued to play down that scenario.North Korea's official media has yet to mention the incident, according to Yonhap, but accused the United States and South Korea of conducting a maritime drill for the purpose of invading North Korea.
Walk the beach or tootle around Saratoga Passage in a vintage rowboat.Two-night weekend minimum Explore: Seattle's Center for Wooden Boats has a new location, at Cama Beach.All rights reserved.
Student leaders opposed to cable operators' decision to drop five television channels, including an opposition station, for failure to follow broadcast laws pleaded for an end to the violence at a demonstration in front of the state-run broadcaster.The resignation follows two other high-level resignations from Chavez's upper ranks.Over the weekend, Venezuela's vice president and defense minister Ramon Carrizalez, and minister for the environment Yuviri Ortega, also resigned.
So I think I'm at that stage right now. "I think I have to play my best tennis to try to win."13 Marion Bartoli.
So you have to find a balance between the two.You can have a little bit of everything.It's all about moderation and balance.
A large concrete block is next to his shoulder, with shattered pieces of it around him.As the body lay still, some vehicles drove by on each side.CNN's Alec Miran contributed to this report.
It is illegal for unlicensed sellers to sell a gun if there is reason to think the buyer would fail a background check.But Bloomberg has support from some in Washington, including Sen. Frank Lautenberg, D-New Jersey. "This investigation reveals how easy it is for criminals and even terrorists to purchase firearms at gun shows and is further proof that we must close the gun show loophole," Lautenberg said in a written statement.
If Sony executives get their way, U.S. moviegoers will have the option of healthier snacks with their flicks -- and they won't even have to smuggle them in.It's a new source of income for theaters.Kennedy says it would probably take a sociologist to figure that out.
Later, Obama shot baskets with some soldiers, drawing cheers with each basket he made.After, Obama said, "I am just very proud of the extraordinary work that the troops are doing here in Kuwait; you're providing all the logistical support that's needed for folks in the battlefield and without you this effort would not be successful."CNN's Reza Sayah in Kabul and Barbara Starr in Washington contributed to this report.
A few fire trucks and tankers were seen distributing water.Elsewhere, a U.N. food convoy was rushed by dozens of hungry people who clamored to reach the handouts of nutritional biscuits and water-purification tablets.CNN's Arthur Brice, Elise Labott, Richard Roth, Chris Lawrence and Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report.
They found an avalanche marker that Thomas had left at the snow cave, and the rescuers dug and found that Bennett had died.Bennett's family was notified, and his body was flown off the mountain, the sheriff's office said.An autopsy to determine the exact cause of death was scheduled.
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano will visit Rhode Island on Friday to inspect flood damage and meet with state and local leaders to discuss response and recovery efforts.In Connecticut, Gov. Jodi Rell said a state of emergency put in place for the earlier storm remains in effect.The Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency is the state agency responsible for coordinating federal, state, local, voluntary and private resources during emergencies and disasters in the state.
The jailer, Arthur Redelfs, and his wife, Lesley Ann Enriquez, were killed in a drive-by shooting in Juarez earlier this month.Ceniceros' wife was not traveling with him, but two of their children in the car were wounded.His white SUV looked very similar to the one Redelfs drove.
Great Britain, for example, has fewer than four deaths for each 100,000 pregnancies, Main said. "Figures compiled by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, Georgia, show that black women are three times more likely to die from pregnancy and childbirth than their white counterparts.CNN's Ashley Wennersherron contributed to this report.
A sport utility vehicle belonging to the McStays was found abandoned on February 8 two blocks from the San Ysidro border checkpoint into Mexico, authorities said.Anonymous calls can be made to 888-580-8477.A Web site, http://www.mcstayfamily.com/, has been set up in an effort to help locate the family.
The first two pages are titled "Liberte ou La Mort," which translates to "Freedom or Death," in which the generals of the Haitian army sign their names to an oath swearing to renounce forever the French yoke or die rather than live under its domination.On the final page, Haitian army generals proclaim Dessalines governor-general for life and swear to obey without question laws issued under his authority. "Haiti was not isolated after independence and it played a complicated role in a world based on colonialism and slavery."
A jury awarded the family $2.9 million in compensatory damages plus $8 million in punitive damages, which were reduced to $5 million.They wanted to shut down the picketing so now they're going to finance it," she said.CNN's Bill Mears contributed to this report.
After 22 minutes, Sullivan had sold 5,000 SmartMops.It was just this poetry -- if you will.So I'm honored to be carrying on his legacy a little bit."
Kavkaz Center, a Web site that regularly carries messages from the rebels, released a video in which Umarov said he was behind the Monday attacks.Thousands have been killed and 500,000 Chechen people have been displaced by the fighting.Chechnya is located in the North Caucasus region of Russia between the Black and Caspian seas.
In August, the singer said she and Gibson have no immediate plans for marriage. "We don't know yet," Grigorieva said of any impending nuptials. "We haven't really talked about it."
An April 2007 photo shows a room at Guantanamo Bay that had been used for interrogations.Nadler said FBI agents' objections to certain interrogation methods "fell on deaf ears." "The admirable actions taken by those brave FBI agents willing to speak out were undermined by those who led them," he said.
I got the call from Craig, and while I'm talking to him the first time, I'm on the computer Googling his name to read his bio.We're all spread across the country.And of course it ties in to college and visiting the bars late at night.
The Alakrana was hijacked off the coast of Somalia.On Sunday, the commander of a European Union anti-piracy operation, deployed a Portuguese frigate based in the area toward the site of the attack, Spanish authorities said.CNN's Per Nyberg contributed to this report.
The intention of my search?I find the kind of cinematic headline I'm looking for: "Gulf War Pen Pals Get Married After Facebook Encounter 19 Years Later."TM & © 2010 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
The Department of the Interior will miss him greatly."Hamilton first became involved with the agency when he was 15 years old, as a member of the Youth Conservation Corps in Mississippi with the Noxubee National Wildlife Refuge, according to the agency's Web site.He is survived by his wife Becky; sons Sam Jr. and Clay, as well as his grandson, Davis.
Once we arrive at this place, the frantic search begins.Come to think of it, many of the men who knock on my door looking for their abdominal muscles also deteriorated soon after moving in with their mates.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tracy Anderson.
As non-military technology, it does not need an export license, and we would not normally need to monitor its sale and use abroad.However, it is clearly of concern that it is being used as bomb detection equipment," the spokesman said.The spokesman said the export ban only applied to Iraq and Afghanistan because its legal powers to control the sale of the product were "based on the risk that [the device] could cause harm to U.K. and other friendly forces."
It's hit the middle class."This is OK for right now, because I'm safe, I'm healthy, the dogs are doing OK, and I have a job, and things will get better.' "CNN's Gregg Canes and Traci Tamura contributed to this report.
Workers are more open to starting a small business in the dot-com era, Challenger said. "Recessions can be "crucibles" for at-home start-ups. "They pick themselves up and keep going and eventually, every once in a while, one of your ideas actually breaks through and works, and it makes all that stuff seem worthwhile."
Dark areas show a mudflow from the peak of Mount Redoubt earlier this week.We're going to know it when we see it."It plans to do continuous visual surveillance, measure gas output and analyze satellite and weather-radar data.
1 Serena Williams' preparations for her Australian Open title defense suffered a late blip when she was beaten in the final of the Sydney International by Elena Dementieva on Friday.It was a great experience and it'll help me next week at the Australian Open," she told the WTA Tour's official Web site Dementieva went into the match against Williams having been handed a potential second-round clash with former world No.Australian Open women's singles draw (seeds in bold): 1-Serena Williams (USA) v Urszula Radwanska (Pol) Petra Kvitova (Cze) v Jill Craybas (USA) Qualifier v Andrea Petkovic (Ger) Ayumi Morita (Jpn) v 32-Carla Suarez-Navarro (Spa) 21-Sabine Lisicki (Ger) v Petra Martic (Cro) Varvara Lepchenko (USA) v Alberta Brianti (Ita) Kristina Barrois (Ger) v Akgul Amanmuradova (Uzb) Qualifier v Samantha Stosur (Aus) (13) 9-Vera Zvonareva (Rus) v Kristina Kucova (Svk) Kai Chen Chang (Tpe) v Iveta Benesova (Cze) Qualifier v Gisela Dulko (Arg) Qualifier v 20-Ana Ivanovic (Ser) 28-Elena Vesnina (Rus) v Tathiana Garbin (Ita) Kimiko Date Krumm (Jpn) v Yaroslava Shvedova (Kaz) Stefanie Voegele (Swi) v Melinda Czink (Hun) Stephanie Cohen Aloro (Fra) v 7-Victoria Azarenka (Blr) 4-Caroline Wozniacki (Den) v Aleksandra Wozniak (Can) Tamira Paszek (Aut) v Julia Goerges (Ger) Galina Voskoboeva (Kaz) v Tsvetana Pironkova (Bul) Lucie Hradecka (Cze) v 29-Shahar Peer (Isr) 22-Daniela Hantuchova (Svk) v Viktoriya Kutuzova (Ukr) Jarmila Groth (Svk) v Qualifier Stephanie Dubois (Can) v Agnes Szavay (Hun) Marina Erakovic (Nzl) v 16-Na Li (Chn) 10-Agnieszka Radwanska (Pol) v Tatjana Malek (Ger) Melanie Oudin (USA) v Alla Kudryavtseva (Rus) Julie Coin (Fra) v Alicia Molik (Aus) Alize Cornet (Fra) v 17-Francesca Schiavone (Ita) 25-Anabel Medina Garrigues (Spa) v Karolina Sprem (Cro) Anastasiya Yakimova (Blr) v Casey Dellacqua (Aus) Arantxa Parra Santonja (Spa) v Sybille Bammer (Aut) Lucie Safarova (Cze) v 6-Venus Williams (USA) 5-Elena Dementieva (Rus) v Vera Dushevina (Rus) Kirsten Flipkens (Bel) v Justine Henin (Bel) Sorana-Mihaela Cirstea (Rom) v Olivia Rogowska (Aus) Jelena Dokic (Aus) v 27-Alisa Kleybanova (Rus) 18-Virginie Razzano (Fra) v Ekaterina Makarova (Rus) Klara Zakopalova (Cze) v Sara Errani (Ita) Qualifier v Alexandra Dulgheru (Rom) Anna Chakvetadze (Rus) v 12-Flavia Pennetta (Ita) 15-Kim Clijsters (Bel) v Qualifier Sesil Karatantcheva (Kaz) v Tamarine Tanasugarn (Tha) Yung-Jan Chan (Tpe) v Kaia Kanepi (Est) Edina Gallovits (Rom) v 19-Nadia Petrova (Rus) 26-Aravane Rezai (Fra) v Sania Mirza (Ind) Olga Govortsova (Blr) v Qualifier Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova (Rus) v Anastasija Sevastova (Lat) Anastasia Rodionova (Rus) v 3-Svetlana Kuznetsova (Rus) 8-Jelena Jankovic (Ser) v Monica Niculescu (Rom) Patricia Mayr (Aut) v Katie O'Brien (GB) Qualifier v Polona Hercog (Slo) Qualifier v 31-Alona Bondarenko (Ukr) 24-Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez (Spa) v Evgeniya Rodina (Rus) Jie Zheng (Chn) v Shuai Peng (Chn) Coco Vandeweghe (USA) v Sandra Zahlavova (Cze) Rossana De los Rios (Par) v 11-Marion Bartoli (Fra) 14-Maria Sharapova (Rus) v Maria Kirilenko (Rus) Qualifier v Timea Bacsinszky (Swi) Anna-Lena Groenefeld (Ger) v Roberta Vinci (Ita) Vania King (USA) v 23-Dominika Cibulkova (Svk) 30-Kateryna Bondarenko (Ukr) v Ioana Raluca Olaru (Rom) Pauline Parmentier (Fra) v Elena Baltacha (GB) Barbora Zahlavova-Strycova (Cze) v Qualifier Magdalena Rybarikova (Svk) v Dinara Safina (Rus) (2)
The show airs at noon and 4 p.m. ET Saturdays and Sundays on HLN.If you do get the cold shoulder, go to NFCC.org -- the National Foundation for Credit Counseling -- and find a local affiliate who can help you come up with a debt-conquering plan for free or very low cost.You didn't get into credit card debt overnight, and you won't get out of it overnight; the recovery is going to be a slow step-by-step process.
He said his office told van der Sloot "we'd like him to come in and speak with us about it.However, Blanken told CNN on Tuesday that van der Sloot says in the interview that he dumped Holloway's body "in a swamp on the north end of the island." "CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
It is hard to believe the 6-week-old, dwarfed by her human keeper, will grow up to be one of nature's biggest beasts.The foundation takes in orphaned elephants and rhinos from across the country, a popular tourist destination because of its animals. "It is from inside your heart, the love that you have for these animals."
Tokyo has a buzzing clubbing scene.It's open until 5 a.m. and manages to feel laid back and indulgent at the same time.Send us your comments and suggestions in the "Sound Off" box below and we'll print the best
AbdulMutallab spent a number of hours with FBI investigators in which we gleaned useable, actionable intelligence," Gibbs told reporters.AbdulMutallab is being held at the Federal Correctional Institution in Milan, Michigan, where he's still being treated for the burn injuries he received in the failed bombing.CNN's Dan Lothian and Suzanne Malveaux in Washington, Per Nyberg in London, England, and Christian Purefoy in Lagos, Nigeria, contributed to this report.
I just needed to have time with my girl."Save a life.TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
is a subsidiary of Phoenix, Arizona-based Mesa Air Group.The company had no immediate response to the findings.The Hawaii incident and a 2007 runway landing accident in Michigan that investigators blamed on pilot fatigue prompted a call by federal safety experts to scale back the maximum workday allowed for airline pilots and implement other "fatigue management" programs.
My reason for retiring from this form of the game is so that I can preserve my body and continue to represent my country in the other forms of the game."Lee made his debut against India in Melbourne in 1999 and is fourth on Australia's all-time Test wicket-takers list, behind Shane Warne, Glenn McGrath and Dennis Lillee. "Brett has played a key role in helping the Australian team be one of the most successful Test teams in history," said Cricket Australia chief executive officer James Sutherland.
Doctors told CNN that Fallon is suffering from severe lacerations and trauma to her organs, among other injuries.5:05 p.m. -- In his interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon couldn't give a timeline for how long it will take to get the abundance of aid collected for Haiti flowing freely into the country. "Follow daily developments: Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday
The recent poll shows that those who have a gay friend or relative are more likely to support gay marriage.The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted April 23-26, with 2,019 adult Americans questioned by telephone.The survey's sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points
The redheaded boy was beaten up by a group of seventh and eighth graders at A.E. Wright Middle School in Calabasas in two separate incidents Friday, according to a statement released Sunday by the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department.A Facebook page stating that Friday was "Kick a Ginger Day," referring to redheads and possibly inspired by an episode of the "South Park" series, may have sparked the injuries at the middle school, authorities said.The boy's injuries were not serious, and no one has been arrested, authorities said Sunday.
Johnson needed no introduction.Friends told me that 'faith will give you the wings to fly when you jump off that cliff.' "I can sleep in if I want to -- and schedule an appointment for lunch instead of early morning."
That never happened.An agreement was eventually signed, but its implementation has been half-hearted, and Zelaya later called the deal dead.A previous effort for Zelaya's exit, a petition from Mexico last month, was rejected by the de facto government of Roberto Micheletti because it did not give Zelaya the status of having been granted political asylum.
Poll shows demographics of Tea Party activists The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted February 12-15, with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone.The survey's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points.CNN deputy political director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
Ahmed Hashim Abed -- thought to be behind the slayings and mutilation of four U.S. contractors in Falluja in 2004 and captured in summer -- made the accusations against the three servicemen, said Lt.The bodies of two of them were hung from a bridge in Falluja, an image that was broadcast around the world.Four days after the attack, the U.S. Marines launched a major offensive inside Falluja, in part to help find the killers.
Chile's Office of Emergency Management launched a C130 helicopter Sunday with a contingent of 40 specialized firefighters and 10 search dogs for the rescue effort in Concepcion.Hundreds faced sleeping in tents on Sunday night.CNN's Rolando Santos, Brian Byrnes, Karen Smith, Saeed Ahmed, Patricio Martinez and Patty Lane contributed to this report.
The airline plans to roll out a series of monthly deals to mark the beginning of its second decade, a JetBlue announcement said.On Wednesday, JetBlue will announce giveaways for New York-based customers on Twitter, the announcement said. "We are excited to kick things off in our own backyard with these $10 fares and Wednesday's giveaway in New York," said Robin Hayes, the airline's chief commercial officer, in a statement.
It was only in 1998 that Congress finally passed legislation declaring that some rules, such as restrictions on the movement of players from one team to another, were subject to antitrust laws.According to the sports historian Richard Davies, the National Football League started a team in New Orleans in 1966, right after Rep. Hale Boggs and Sen. Russell Long of Louisiana helped push through legislation that exempted the NFL from antitrust laws so that there could be a merger with the successful American Football League.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer.
President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua this week gave his first media interview since being admitted to a hospital in Saudi Arabia in late November where he is being treated for acute pericarditis, an inflammation of tissue around the heart.Hundreds others have been kidnapped over recent years.CNN's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report.
The order lifting martial law was due to be effective at 9 p.m. (8 a.m. ET) Saturday, the Philippines News Agency (PNA) and CNN affiliate ABS-CBN said.the father of the accused mayor, saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself.Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao, which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation.
Israel's ambassador was given the warning after it was learned that three Australian passports were used by members of an alleged assassination crew connected to the recent slaying of a Hamas leader in a Dubai hotel room, Australia's Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said Thursday. "The suspects are believed to have acquired faulty passports to arrive in Dubai for the killing and then fled to other far-flung locations, police said.CNN's Roya Shadravan contributed to this report.
Soldiers at the base have set up tents, beds and toilets, awaiting possible orders from the secretary of defense to proceed, according to Maj.Joint Task Force Guantanamo Bay is responsible for planning for any kind of Caribbean mass immigration, according to Haynie.In the early 1990s, thousands of Haitian refugees took shelter on the island, she said.
I was just like, 'Wow, that's a lot different,' " he said.His condition improved slightly over the next 11 months, when Dwight and Jenny Griffith adopted him. "Check out the Krasnoyarsk Playground Project and see how to help.
The 12 charcoal and crayon sketches cover "typical student subjects" and don't display a great deal of promise, Mullock's Auctioneers said.Probably if the artist was at school today you wouldn't encourage him to keep the subject up."Nevertheless, Westwood-Brookes said, "On the evidence of these sketches, you can see why the Vienna Academy turned him away."
She gives information not even your most blunt best friend would tell you about what will make you look your best or your worst.Or they could trade the stylist for Krupp's book.Charla Krupp is married to Richard Zoglin, assistant managing editor of TIME, which, like CNN, is a division of Time Warner.
El Khansa tells CNN that the Mecca appeals court then sent the case back to the original court for reconsideration, stipulating that all charges made against Sibat needed to be verified and that he should be given a chance to repent.On March 10, judges in Medina upheld their initial verdict, meaning Sibat is once again sentenced to be executed. "The Medina court refused the sentence of the appeals court," said El Khansa, adding her client will appeal the verdict once more.
It rose very high, very high, we were very scared," another man told the station. "Charente-Maritime and Vendee, on the French coast west of Paris, had severe flooding when the strong winds whipped up the water at high tide. "CNN's Al Goodman in Madrid, Spain; Per Nyberg in London, England; Frederik Pleitgen in Berlin, Germany; and Estelle Eonnet and Lorraine Gublin in Paris, France contributed to this report
Two men arrested over the attack were said to be members of the Forces for Liberation of the State of Cabinda, an armed wing of a separatist group that has claimed responsibility for the attack and has threatened to strike again.Cabinda is a disputed oil-rich enclave in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and was the site of eight matches in the African Cup of Nations tournament.The Africa Cup of Nations tournament is one of the biggest sporting events in the world this year, and Angola's first since a 2002 peace deal ended decades of civil war in the southern African country.
However, two women claiming to be Aasiya Hassan's sisters -- one in Pakistan and one in South Africa -- told reporters and posted in a blog that she lived in fear of him.Bridges TV released a statement Monday saying its staff members were "deeply shocked and saddened by the murder of Aasiya Hassan and the subsequent arrest of Muzzammil Hassan.Our deepest condolences and prayers go out to the families of the victim."
The seven defendants were James Freeman of Santa Rosa Beach, Florida; Gary Lakey of Anderson, Indiana; Marvin Lambert of Indianapolis, Indiana; Neville McGarity of Medina, Texas; Warren Mumpower of Spokane, Washington; Daniel Castleman of Lubbock, Texas; and Ronald White of Burlington, North Carolina, according to the Department of Justice.The charges included engaging in a child exploitation enterprise; conspiracy to advertise, transport, ship, receive and possess child pornography; advertising child pornography, transporting child pornography, receiving child pornography and obstruction of justice, prosecutors said.Seven additional American defendants previously entered guilty pleas, prosecutors said.
Investigators on Monday walk past the tail section of a plane lying in a car dealership.The wreckage was being trucked to Palmdale, California, Monday evening.E-mail to a friend
Their lives were the embodiment of what happened to Braddock and this region: chaos through abandonment.For Americans living in places like Braddock, I believe the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act is perhaps the last, best chance to help overcome the injustice and harm that the decades steeped in a laissez-faire orthodoxy have wrought.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Fetterman.
Without any papers we bought one-way tickets in cash from Erbil to Baghdad.The summer/ fall of 2006 had a name -- at least it did in Iraq.I just hope we learn something from it.
Whenever I write in support of education reform -- whether proposed by Democrats or Republicans -- or, for that matter, whenever I challenge teachers in any way, I get an earful from angry and defensive educators who demand to know if I have ever been in the classroom.Of the school's 800 students, 65 percent are Latino and most of them consider English a second language.Now, Madame Superintendent, about that trip to Washington... The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr.
Charges had been technically "on hold" since Christopher Savoie was released from jail in October, though legal experts had said the move essentially meant the charges had already been dropped.On the day that the children were to start school in August, Savoie learned that his ex-wife had fled with them to Japan.CNN's Kyung Lah contributed to this report.
Authorities arrested Stobert "Tobie" Holt Jr., 42, Friday in Orlando, Florida, after he arrived from Colombia, where he was on a business trip, according to Tampa-based FBI spokesman David Couvertier.Our investigation and evidence obtained to date indicate he's dead, " Couvertier said.CNN Senior Producer Rich Phillips contributed to this report.
San Quentin prison houses more than 5,300 inmates, including Scott Peterson.Denham has tried twice to pass legislation to sell San Quentin.His efforts in 2007 and in 2005 never made it out of committee, his office said.
Protests over Moldova's election have gathered pace, fueled by Facebook and Twitter.The president has repeatedly accused Romania of wanting to absorb his country. --CNN's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report
Radu Mazare, the mayor of the town of Constanta, wore a Nazi uniform during a fashion show over the weekend.The 1930 Romanian census recorded 728,115 people who identified themselves as Jewish, comprising approximately 4 percent of the population, the reference work says.Antonescu was deposed in 1944 and Romania switched sides in World War II.
He started writing his business plan there and then.But there are limits: "I will never put a mainstream film that is purely for entertainment; that has no soul on the site. "You will never see 'Knocked Up' or 'Spiderman 3.'"
The late pope had a particular belt for self-flagellation and brought it with him to his summer residence, according to the book, "Why he is a Saint: The True story of John Paul II." "The authors of the book based it on interviews with 114 "witnesses" and access to unedited documents in the Vatican's archives, according to the publisher, Rizzoli.The book is available only in Italian, but the publisher is having it translated into Polish and other languages.
We find striking generational differences.This is accomplished not by not sleeping but with considerable multitasking, which peaks at seven simultaneous activities for older teens.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Larry Rosen.
I haven't heard the details yet, but you know the regime in Venezuela has been one of the few countries in the world that gives automatic support to the Iranian extremists, and it doesn't surprise me that they have affinity with groups like Hamas and Hezbollah," he told CNN.He predicted that other countries would not follow suit, even in the Middle East. "I think, even in the Muslim and Arab countries, there is a fair amount of understanding for what Israel has had to do here," he said.
Tonya Hobbs and her daughter were last seen Saturday night.The RV belonged to Lester Hobbs and was parked at his relatives' home, Richard Goss, agent in charge of the bureau's Lawton, Oklahoma, office, told reporters.Geronimo is about 12 miles south of Lawton, Oklahoma, in the south-central part of the state.
The military and embassy arranged for them to fly in a military cargo plane.The orphans almost stayed in Haiti.CNN's Gary Tuchman, Adam Levine and Mary Snow contributed to this report.
Hamas has said al-Mabhouh was behind the 1989 deaths.Also Monday, the sources said the UAE central bank is working with other nations to track funding and 14 credit cards -- issued mostly by a United States bank -- used by the suspects in different places, including the United States.CNN's Caroline Faraj and Saad Abedine contributed to this report.
Electrical power was still out most places, but traffic lights were functioning and chaotic traffic clogged many streets.To be certain, Port-au-Prince still has a ways to go.They laughed nervously when first asked and then said it would be too dangerous for them to comment openly.
Belize, Brazil, China, Chile, Spain, Canada, Israel, Iceland, Ireland, the United States and Morocco were among the many other countries offering aid.The World Bank pledged $100 million in emergency funds.CNN's Eric Marrapodi and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report.
It is seeking a partner to help pay for upgrades, according to Terra Firma, which controls EMI, owner of the recording studios. "Abbey Road has such great facilities, with three major recording studios, and Andrew has probably brought more musicians to record there than anyone else, because it has the capacity to record large orchestral productions."CNN's Per Nyberg and Morgan Neill contributed to this report.
Speaking at a joint appearance with Iraqi President Jalal Talabani in Baghdad, Biden said he was "disappointed" with the ruling, and that the Justice Department would file the appeal next week. "In their zeal to bring charges against the defendant in this case, the prosecutors and investigators aggressively sought out statements the defendants had been compelled to make to government investigators in the immediate aftermath of the shooting and in the subsequent investigation," Urbina wrote in a 90-page decision.CNN's Dan Lothian and Samira Simone contributed to this report.
Here are four not to miss.Harry Connick Jr. and Branford Marsalis, two New Orleans natives, partnered with Habitat for Humanity to build the Musicians' Village in the Upper Ninth Ward.Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright © Coastal Living, 2009
But this is not about the frustrations in getting the job done.But the United States has been at the forefront, as it has so often seemed to be in so many places when hope was in short supply.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene.
They were on trial for incidents of "vandalism, burning and serious violence," the newspaper said.Urumqi, the capital of the Xinjiang region, was shaken last July when long-simmering resentment between minority Uyghurs and majority Han Chinese erupted into riots and left more than 200 people dead.The following month, a series of series of syringe stabbings added to the unrest.
Johnson's resume is full of firsts: BET was the first African-American owned company traded on the NYSE.He was the first African-American billionaire in the United States.And, in 2002, he became the first African-American majority owner of a professional sports franchise.
The hard-line leader made the comments after a meeting with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus on Thursday. "Assad must choose what he wants -- to join the Iranian camp of evil and terror or to make peace with Israel," he said.He called on Assad to sit down with Israel to reach a peace agreement.
The 36-year-old became the first player to score a double-century in the 50-over format as India thrashed South Africa by 153 runs in the second match of the series in Gwalior to take an unassailable 2-0 lead.A.B. De Villiers top-scored with an unbeaten 114, his fifth one-day century, but the Proteas' next best was 34 from opener Hashim Amla.Recalled seam bowler Shanthakumaran Sreesanth took three wickets for India, while Ravindra Jadeja, Pathan and Ashish Nehra claimed two victims each.
Their family includes four children.The three oldest -- Parker, 14, Chelsea, 12 and Blake, 9 -- are adopted.Six-year-old Vivienne -- conceived through a sperm donation -- was born to Carpenter.
An investigating judge found that Kercher died fighting off a sexual assault.He is appealing the verdict.The presiding judge, Giancarlo Massei, has barred cameras from the courtroom and said he could completely close portions of the trial dealing with the most graphic sexual assault allegations.
There were a lot of weapons around.We used to go to certain areas, and cops would slap you around, and grab you by your collar and treat you a certain way.But more than anything, I would love people to walk away feeling like we've just begun.
I think everybody is still in shock," said Deah Bischoff, who lives near the site of the crash. "But the familiar sound of a plane overhead this time was menacing.CNN's Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report.
I felt like an enormous burden had been placed off me, but at the same time I knew that they were OK.Contact with his missionary members in Haiti has been limited to occasional text messages, Internet streaming and e-mail, he said, and his volunteers have not been able to reach U.S. State Department officials. "The world around us is in such need when something like this happens and we've got to be there for them, but at the same time, there must be a quick way to get them out when there is nothing more to give," Maiolo said.
At the St. Rita of Cascia Shrine Chapel in Chicago, a funeral was held for Dawn Brancheau, a SeaWorld trainer who died last week after a killer whale dragged her underwater at Shamu Stadium in Orlando, Florida.The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service wants to know whether federal standards were violated in the exhibiting of warm-blooded mammals.SeaWorld shows with killer whales resumed on Saturday.
Despite our considerable success in managing HIV infection and improving the length and quality of life for people living with HIV, there is no well-documented case of anyone being truly cured of HIV disease.In my home city of Washington D.C., a staggering 5 percent of the population is infected with HIV, a rate that rivals those in sub-Saharan Africa.Anthony S. Fauci, M.D., is director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health.
It also does not include camping or any of that delicious, trek-cooked food.If I had looked beyond my Inca-only vision, I would have discovered that the Inca Trail is just the tip of the Peru trekking iceberg -- literally iceberg if you go during low season.When I arrived at the hidden Inca city in all its breathtaking beauty, everything else was just icing on the llama.
It is a victory for democracy that proves that our country provides possibilities for all people," writes Jakes.While it remains unclear where we are going, last night proves that we as a people have moved beyond business as usual.Congratulations Sen. Obama.
It is clear by watching Gill's team perform their time-consuming daily tasks that Hanford won't be decontanimated quickly.The stimulus money will reduce the clean-up time by years, according to Jon Peschong, who oversees the federal project at Hanford. "It has my manufacturers raising their eyebrows saying, 'Wow how does that guy do that?'"
Gary Lawson, one of New Zealand's most successful bowlers with a joint-record 10 national titles, has been suspended for six months and fined $NZ5,000 ($3,500) following an incident at a tournament last year.He was the skip and was literally and figuratively calling the shots.It's just a shame he's used this to have a crack at me."
Police launched a huge manhunt Wednesday after a passenger appeared to flee from security officers when his laptop computer bag tested positive for explosives, they said.She said she would leave Wednesday evening for Spain and a meeting with European Union officials.CNN's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report.
All of the officers were in uniform, wearing vests and had marked patrol cars parked outside, he said.Two of the officers were "executed" as they sat at a table, another was shot when he stood up, and the fourth was shot after struggling with the gunman all the way out the door, Troyer said. "CNN's Patrick Oppmann, Samira Simone, Dave Alsup and Dina Majoli contributed to this report.
The FBI was in Pakistan on Thursday interrogating the men, who some U.S. and Pakistani law enforcement officials have identified as Americans, according to Usman Anwar, head of the district police of Sargodha, about 120 miles south of Islamabad.Authorities believe their intent was to wage jihad overseas rather than in terrorist acts in the United States, the official said, but "there is still a lot of uncertainty about what they were up to."CNN's Arwa Damon, Jeanne Meserve and Elise Labott contributed to this report
British law proclaimed the continent Terra Nullius or empty land, extinguishing in an instant tens of thousands of years of Aboriginal occupation and ownership.Connick was right to give the comedy skit a zero.Connick's homeland America, is itself not free of racial issues, but in this case it took an American to tell those Australians who still find such offensive skits funny: "The Joke is on you!"
The International Cycling Union, which governs the sport worldwide, has dropped the AFLD as the anti-doping agency for this year's Tour de France, though the decision has nothing to do with the Landis case, union spokesman Enrico Carpani told CNN.The decision had to do with comments Bordry made after the 2009 Tour, Carpani said.A new anti-doping agency has yet to be chosen for the 2010 race, he said.
We need a new beginning."Just as the Israelites found the desert awaiting them on the far side of the Red Sea, so the Church, after the resurrection, always finds history filled with joy and hope, grief and anguish.And yet, this history is changed, it is marked by a new and eternal covenant, it is truly open to the future."
Police estimated that as many as 50,000 members of the group United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship were at the Rajprasong intersection in the heart of Bangkok.Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva took to the airwaves Sunday, urging people in the affected area to be patient.CNN's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report.
He said that was showing my true state, that I was laying face-down in my vomit."Watch Smart's father talk about the hearing » Mitchell and Barzee are charged with six felony counts, including aggravated burglary, aggravated kidnapping and aggravated sexual assault.We're inclined to prosecute this case vigorously and present it to a jury," he said.
The video shows James confronting Rios, who is sitting in a vehicle park across the street from West Coast Choppers, a business owned by James, Haushalter said.Two tires on the SUV were slashed, a door was dented and a window was scratched, he said.The lawyer for James did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment.
Oklahoma City's Will Rogers World Airport closed all its runways at 2:30 p.m. local time because of "deteriorating weather conditions." "While airport maintenance crews have been working nonstop clearing the runways, heavily falling snow and near zero visibility have kept them from being able to improve conditions," an airport news release said.It gave no prediction of when the runways could be reopened.
Forty-nine percent of Republicans questioned in the poll say they're enthusiastic, up 6 points. "[Right now, the Republicans have the advantage of strong emotions, and that tends to pull their people to the polls, whereas weak emotions do not," said Curtis Gans, director of the Committee for the Study of the American Electorate at American University.CNN's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
If you're taking a taxi in Chile or New Zealand, for example, the driver won't give you the evil eye if you don't tip -- it's not expected.So we've done the legwork for you, talking with concierges, tourist boards, and other travelers to find out the real protocol on when (and when not) to reach into your wallet and how much of a tip you should give to waiters, sky caps, maids, doormen, and cabbies all over the world.All rights reserved.
I leave NBC prime time the same way I found it -- a complete disaster."Conan has a chance to destroy everybody," the comedian said while on a press tour for his new show, "The Marriage Ref." "I don't think anyone's done anything to Conan."
I haven't seen snow like this in Bastrop in over eight years," she said.Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, which canceled hundreds of flights, had reported 4 inches of snow, National Weather Service meteorologist Dan Darbe said.CNN's Dan Gilgoff and Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report.
Witnesses say the man was trying to steal people's money.Read 4:55 p.m. -- Yele Haiti, the nonprofit formed by musician Wyclef Jean, says it hired an accounting firm in the wake of increased public scrutiny of its finances, CNNMoney.com reports.Follow daily developments: January 12 January 13 January 14 January 15 Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
The trains collided head-on at 8:30 a.m., the companies that run the Belgian railways and the train said.At least 180 passengers also were injured when a train derailed and plunged down an embankment outside the capital, Podgorica.CNN's Jessica Hartogs, Cristina Lynch, Claudia Rebaza, Nick Hunt and Abey Benga contributed to this report.
CNN could not independently confirm the report, and it was not known if the bodies were from Friday or the result of earlier violence.If I can publish these kind of [photos] and this kind of news to the world, so maybe they may stop a little bit."E-mail to a friend CNN's Phil Black contributed to this report.
Seung-Hui Cho killed 32 students and faculty members on April 16, 2007, then killed himself.Problems with Cho reportedly began to surface well before the shootings.The records detailed his mental health issues, including a tendency to react to depression with violence.
The indictment charges Portillo with embezzling tens of millions of dollars in public funds, "a portion of which he then laundered through bank accounts located, among other places, in the United States and Europe," the indictment says.They executed search warrants in four locations but had not found him as of Sunday night, officials said.Some of the money that Portillo took went to buy expensive watches and cars, the indictment says.
The story of Perseus -- the bastard son of Zeus who takes on the mighty Kraken -- will endure long after Louis Leterrier's enjoyably cheesy movie has been forgotten (or, inevitably, remade in 4D).It's a shame to see filmmakers jumping on a bandwagon like this, and missing.You'd be well advised to seek out the picture's 2D venues -- or wait for the DVD.
The amazing thing is that our officers, as they get more and more familiar with this technology, are actually finding very, very small things that are being secreted on the body," she said.Those items are confiscated but are not counted in the tally, a TSA spokesman said.If anybody wants to see me naked, they're welcome to the sight."
Tesoro Corp. is an independent refiner and marketer of petroleum products, according to its Web site.Through its subsidiaries, it operates seven refineries in the Western United States with a combined capacity of approximately 665,000 barrels per day.Anacortes is about 80 miles south of Vancouver, British Columbia.
It was believed that she had access to water where she was, in the bathroom of her house.Finding shelter, aid, supplies The girl, whose name was not immediately available, said "thank you" in French as she was taken away from the debris on a stretcher, covered with a heating blanket.CNN's Alec Miran, Justine Redman and Gary Tuchman contributed to this report.
The concrete support beams of his music school in Haiti pinned his legs and feet.On his remarkable story of survival, he says it's all in the way you look at things. "I'm really proud that I was able to be in a horrible place and survive in a constructive, positive way."
Messi turned on the style in the Nou Camp with one of the most devastating individual displays the competition has ever seen, as an injury-ravaged Arsenal side were torn apart.Once he is on the run with the ball, he is unstoppable.The Frenchman added: "I believe that we lost against a team that is better than us and have the best player in the world."
And then, after they get that care... they'll wake up.A miracle?We hope not, or maybe we just hope to make miracles a little more common."
Bernice King and her brothers Martin Luther King III and Dexter King will split money they have been fighting over.Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated in 1968.HIs oldest child, Yolanda, died in 2007.
In Iraq under Saddam Hussein, the marking of Ashura was banned for 30 years. (The former dictator was a Sunni.)The first public Ashura demonstrations in Karbala after his fall, in 2004, came under attack by Sunni militants.
Sweden denies that the diplomat was involved in the protests.An Iranian media blackout made it difficult to verify accounts of that weekend's violence, but videos that found their way west depicted bloodied and, in some cases, apparently dead protesters.CNN's Jonathan Wald contributed to this report.
The semi-official Mehr news agency reported the following are on the list: -- U.S. philanthropist George Soros' Open Society Institute in New York. --Iran's deputy intelligence minister urged Iranians to avoid any "unusual relations" with the groups and with foreign embassies and foreign nationals. "Opposition supporters accused the government of fraud.
Aimed at increasing Iraqi oil production, deals were struck for seven of the 15 fields offered.There also had been oil bidding in June.CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Yousif Bassil contributed to this report.
She's even been invited to high school proms in cities she's never visited. "The amount of support helps me to continue with the fight."I find the human mind and human behavior very interesting."
Hundreds of "tweets" are still being posted onto Twitter every hour.Each day, thousands of people are joining a Facebook page dedicated to supporting the anti-government protesters, called "100 Million Facebook Members for Iran."Here is a rundown of the latest social media trends that CNN has compiled: Twitter: Most Shared Articles on Iran • U.S. Iran standing in its own way with nuke plan • Iran gives West one-month ultimatum to accept uranium swap • Total wealth of Khamenei and family $36 billion • Iranian opposition grows beneath surface • Shah's son urges international protest over Iran Most Popular Iran Hashtags on Twitter #iran #iranelections #ashura #hhrs #news #iranprotests #sharia #united4iran #protests #Tryant #VivaLiberty #Strike #freedom #protest #Mousavi #HumanRights #Neda Most popular Facebook accounts on Iran • 100 Million Facebook Members for Iran • Mir Hossein Moussavi personal page
I felt extremely blessed when I knew that my family members who worked at this mine were home and safe.I can only hope that something good will come out of all of this bad.The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Lorelei Scarbro.
Obama made the remark in his first State of the Union speech during a short litany of civil rights issues, which included his successful hate crimes bill, a move to "crack down on equal-pay laws" and improvement of the immigration system. "We very much need a sense of urgency to get this done in 2010," the group said. "CNN's Ed Hornick and Laurie Ure contributed to this report.
The Swiss top seed was a long way from his best as Berdych edged a tight battle 6-4 6-7 (3-7) 7-6 (8-6).So it's disappointing to not be able to back it up."We had some really good rallies and really good points, but I just see me keep coming out on top, so of course I like that."
As of January 24, the government had confirmed the deaths of at least 37 people in the protests or in detention, seven of those deaths happening on the religious holiday of Ashura.On Thursday, authorities hanged Mohammed Reza Ali Zamani, 37, and Arash Rahmanipour, 20, who had been convicted of being enemies of God and plotting to topple the Islamic regime.The two were convicted in mass trials of opposition supporters in August, but Rahmanipour's lawyer said the young man was arrested two months before the election.
Victoria Livshutz, whose son attends the school, says he would be in a much different situation if it weren't for the school. "Dubov, now in 11th grade, feels more at home here than he did at his previous Yeshiva in his hometown of Montreal, Canada. "We're going to keep going on like this for many more years, and one day maybe I can send my children here."
Her recent hospitalization is "not related" to the surgery, Becker said.In November 2008, Bush underwent surgery for a perforated ulcer.CNN's Leslie Tripp and Ed Henry contributed to this report.
In that sense, I suppose there's an inherent bias in favor of bad news.CNN: If we are in this funk as you describe, is there anything wrong with that?There haven't been many societies in the entire history of the world that have been like that.
We just want her voice to be heard and for this to never happen again to any child or adult," said the parents in a statement released by the hospital. "We believe this was an honest mistake but one that needs to be corrected.We love her, we did everything we could for her and we don't want this to ever happen again."
We can provide resources, but there must be ownership by the Haitians themselves and especially by the Haitian authorities," Dominique Strauss-Kahn said during an exclusive interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour.We should be a bit skeptical about the history of development and development organizations in Haiti," he said. "We need to start on the recovery and development effort within weeks."
The Belgian, a former world No.Clijsters, who defeated fellow comeback queen Justine Henin in an epic semifinal on Friday, broke Williams to love to seal the title. "Unfortunately I was my own worst enemy today."
Residents like Pat Moore contemplated what it will be like to live through the trial. "White House officials say the decision about any possible alternate sites to try Mohammed and the others will come from the Justice Department.CNN's Suzanne Malveaux, Terry Frieden and Cassie Spodak contributed to this report.
John and Sadie Esh were killed when a tractor-trailer crossed the median on Interstate 65 and smashed into their van as they traveled to Iowa for a wedding.The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the crash.No cause has been given.
But on his stretch of Rivershore Drive in this city just east of Fargo, North Dakota, he's essentially the only one. "Share photos, video of flood When asked how he feels to be known as the last man standing in his neighborhood, the one who won't leave, Paulson said he "didn't do this for publicity." "I just want to enjoy my life," he said, "and I can do it here."
In the Nature study, supported by the National Institutes of Health, Crowe and colleagues took these rare B cells from survivors' blood and cloned the antibody genes from these cells to produce antibodies in the laboratory. "A study in Nature last year showed survivors of the 1918 pandemic still have some immunity to that virus in the form of B cells, which are immune cells that produce antibodies.she said.
The first stories on K2, or "Spice," broke out with headlines labeling the mixture of herbs and spices, which are treated with a synthetic compound, as "fake pot."Thus we have a supreme irony of drug prohibition: The government continues to criminalize marijuana -- a drug with established medical value that has undergone exhaustive study -- and entrepreneurs introduce a legal alternative to marijuana with ingredients scientists know little about.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Grant Smith.
The CDC estimates more than 100,000 people have had swine flu in the United States.Even in the fastest-moving scenarios, that step isn't likely to occur before late June or even July.CNN's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report.
This is actually the third coyote that has been seen in the last 10 years," Benepe said.Benepe said there is a theory the coyotes make their way to the city from suburban Westchester.He said they probably walk down the Amtrak rail corridor along the Hudson River or swim down the Hudson River until they get to the city.
The lights go off Saturday at the Houses of Parliament and the Big Ben clock tower in central London.Organizers say they hope this year's event will send a message to world leaders meeting Copenhagen, Denmark, in December for a major summit on climate change. "We are asking one billion people to take part in what is essentially the first global vote for action on climate change by turning off their lights for one hour and casting a vote for earth," said executive director Andy Ridley.
In search of the slightest sound.Even two weeks after the earth shook, people were being rescued.This, too, will define the curves of his face.
The February 19 statement was his first public appearance since he crashed his black Cadillac Escalade into a fire hydrant and a tree near his home in November.But I'm 100 percent telling you, I knew nothing, and that's that."When I'm not working on the tour, I don't miss it one bit," he said.
Thank you, God, because he saved my life," she said. "Most Haitians don't feel abandoned, Bailey said. "When you have so little, what else can you turn to?"
Malik, 28, is a former national captain who is currently serving a year-long ban from the Pakistan Cricket Board due to indiscipline on a tour of Australia.He caused controversy in 2007 when, after losing to India in the World Twenty20 final, he thanked Muslims from "all over the world" for their support.India and Pakistan have fought three wars since their independence in 1947.
The attempt by the Joint Revolutionary Council (JRC) of the Niger Delta was not successful, a spokesman for the military said.The group said the political events will not deter their "resolve to wage a continuous revolutionary war to liberate all parts of our territory."CNN's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report.
Is Africa's hosting of the 2010 World Cup a step in the right direction?The Swiss administrator has also condemned the hold big clubs have over star players.When Spanish side Real Madrid were negotiating with Manchester United over the transfer of Cristiano Ronaldo, Blatter told British broadcaster Sky News: "I think in football there's too much modern slavery in transferring players or buying players here and there, and putting them somewhere."
The ship's owner reported that the crew was released with food, fuel and water.The ship headed out to sea, where it was being monitored by EU NAVFOR.EU NAVFOR escorts Somalia vessels carrying humanitarian aid from the World Food Program to protect them in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean and to deter and disrupt piracy.
My Beirut with Zuhair Mourad Drawing inspiration from the blue of the Mediterranean and the green of Lebanon's valleys and mountains, fashion designer Zuhair Mourad has made his name internationally in couture.Mourad most recently made headlines at the Brit Awards red carpet with a gold corset mini-dress worn by singer Florence Welsh who went on to win Best Album.Mourad says he is inspired by the many civilizations that have left their mark on his country -- from Byzantine to Ottoman, from French to "modern Lebanese" -- he shows us around the city where he was raised, Beirut.
The ministry said France "condemns all taking of power by nonconstitutional means" and calls on people in Niger "to show responsibility in the interest of the country," which gained its independence from France in 1960.Ping condemned the coup. "CNN's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report.
They had no surgical lights, no oxygen, no blood, no ventilators and no monitors.We'd been waiting to build the operating room until we received better equipment, but after that boy's death we became more aggressive.I came here a very fancy doctor, and I'm leaving here as a humble man."
In reality, the collapse of the economy was not caused by a sudden lack of consumption but rather a malinvestment of resources into sectors of the economy that were unsustainable without easy credit.Unless the government learns its lesson and opts for restrained monetary and fiscal policy, it risks a complete implosion of the U.S. economy.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ron Paul.
The company is contacting each Girl Scout council that received a batch of the smelly cookies and says it will provide replacements.The National Girl Scout offices were closed Friday because of the snowstorm in the Northeast.A recording on its 800 number redirected callers to Little Brownie Bakers for assistance.
Just being a kid, you don't see black country singers.I get that.But if my career's as successful as I hope it will be, we're going to reach a lot more firsts."
Parts of several southern states remained under a winter storm warning Tuesday, as a developing low-pressure system threatened to spread snow and rain across portions of Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky and the Carolinas, the National Weather Service said.He said the airline is offering free rebooking and changes for anyone traveling to or from Atlanta.CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
The soldier was sentenced to 10 days imprisonment and was removed from his battalion and all combat postings, IDF said.His combat certificate also was revoked.IDF soldiers are prohibited from posting classified information online, including photographs of military interests.
The party said it has launched an investigation of Geoff Hoon, Patricia Hewitt, Stephen Byers and Margaret Moran and suspended all four from the Parliamentary Labour Party.Any hope that the shadow of greed had lifted was crushed by accusations that former ministers sought money for favors," she wrote. "The taped claim by Stephen 'Cash' Byers that 'I'm like a sort of cab for hire' is a remark geared to give the Tories a chauffeured drive to power."
Ten civilians were killed on the second day of the operation, he said.Reports at the time said 12 were killed.More coverage on Afghanistan Crossroads blog
By its approval of the plan Monday, "the council sends a clear signal: The world is with Haiti," Ban said.It is occurring, Le Roy said, but is not widespread. "Of course there is looting, but there has been looting in the country for many, many years, even before the earthquake," he said.
It doesn't mean I am having sex with them or an affair with them."She said the allegations "must feel horrible" to Woods' wife, Elin Nordegren. "The worst part of it, it's not true," Uchitel said.
Sen. Jim Webb, D-Virginia, called on his Democratic colleagues to suspend votes on their controversial health care legislation, warning it would be wrong to try to muscle a bill through Congress before Brown was sworn into office. "Conservative Democrats are less likely to back him on controversial issues such as health care and cap and trade, fearing that to do so would be political suicide.After all, Republicans were able to win Kennedy's seat by running against the Obama agenda.
Dortmund closed to with a point of Leverkusen, who hold the final Champions League place, and went four clear of fifth-placed Bremen.Stuttgart moved up to seventh with a 2-1 victory at home to Borussia Moenchengladbach, while Nuremberg moved three points clear of the relegation zone with a 2-0 win at home to 10-man Mainz.Bochum joined Nuremberg on 28 points with a 1-1 draw at third-bottom Freiburg, while bottom side Hertha Berlin earned a surprise 3-0 win at Cologne in Saturday's late match thanks to two first-half goals from Raffael and a 75th-minute effort from fellow Brazilian Cicero.
They are for money.There were widespread rumors that the Haitian government would force them to open Thursday, but that didn't happen.Now, officials say provincial banks will likely open Friday, and branches in Port-au-Prince will restart business Saturday.
So in a 1944 story, when Donald got a bump on his head that turned him into a genius, the duck managed to mumble, "If I mix CH2 [a methylene compound] with NH4 [ammonium] and boil the atoms in osmotic fog, I should get speckled nitrogen!"With the war over and the Nazis no longer a threat, the producers were looking for a new villain for Superman to fight.All rights reserved.
Carlo Ancelotti's team traveled to Old Trafford to face a side reeling from the loss of injured England star Wayne Rooney following the midweek European Champions League defeat by Bayern Munich.Bottom club Portsmouth delayed their inevitable relegation with a 0-0 draw at home to Blackburn despite having defender Anthony Van den Borre sent off with half an hour to play.Avram Grant's team would have gone down if they had lost and Hull had won.
The Portuguese club suffered a nightmare start when Daniel Agger put the visitors in front after just nine minutes with a neat back heel from Steven Gerrard's free kick.In the evening's other match Hamburg beat Belgian side Standard Liege 2-1 in Germany.A strike from Deiudonne Mbokani gave Liege an early advantage but goals from Mladen Petric and Dutch striker Ruud van Nistelrooy secured Hamburg a lead to take into the second leg.
Fans went crazy when ABC announced that it was canceling "My So-Called Life" after just one season.She's had some hits, "Romeo & Juliet" and "Shopgirl," but she will always and forever be Angela Chase.TM & © 2010 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
A bystander's cell-phone video of the shooting on a transit platform was widely circulated on the Internet and on news shows.The video showed then-Officer Johannes Mehserle, 27, pulling his gun and shooting Grant in the back as another officer kneeled on Grant.We're working hard to make the police department the best it can be for our officers, our customers and our community."
One of the dead and the 11 wounded were Mexican military who were ambushed while on patrol late Thursday night in the cities of Miguel Aleman, Mier and Valadeces, the Notimex news agency reported, citing the nation's National Defense Department.Officials said the gunmen belonged to the Juarez cartel and mistakenly believed the partygoers were members of a gang affiliated with the Sinaloa cartel.CNN's Mariano Castillo and Nick Valencia contributed to this report.
An American Airlines flight from Miami to Port-au-Prince, Haiti, left at 7:36 a.m. ET after about an hour's delay, according to the airline's Web site.This is that crack in the dam that we so badly needed and our passengers so badly wanted, to start moving regularly scheduled traffic into and out of Haiti," spokesman Tim Smith recently said. "CNN's Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report.
There were no reports of casualties.Also Thursday, a South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman said that despite the tension, talks slated for Monday with North Korea would still go forward in the North Korean border town of Kaesong, Yonhap reported.Seventeen South Korean officials are expected to attend those talks, Yonhap cited Chun Hae-sung, the official, as saying.
In August, the DOT fined United $75,000 for not disclosing taxes and fees in the initial advertised fares on its Web site and for showing one-way fares that were only applicable for round-trip travel.The airline was required to pay $37,500 of that penalty, with the understanding that half would be forgiven if it had no further violations within the next 12 months.United now is required to pay the other half of the $75,000 fine.
Drug operations involving Turkish celebrities, including artists and models, are often carried out in Istanbul.Last month, Tarkan gave a concert in Istanbul's central Taksim square to celebrate the city's inauguration as Europe's 2010 Capital of Culture.Thousands watched as the artist performed along with a fireworks display.
On February 27, an 8.8-magnitude quake hit Chile near that nation's second largest city, Concepcion.Got something that needs checking?E-mail us at factcheck@cnn.com
Washington and Pyongyang have no diplomatic relations.The United States relies on the Swedish Embassy to look after U.S. interests in North Korea.Crowley has said the United States continues to seek consular access to Park.
In the first incident, the mission intercepted a mother ship and two skiffs early Friday in the southern Indian Ocean between the Seycelles and Mombasa, Kenya.It escorts vessels in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean carrying World Food Program humanitarian aid to displaced people in Somalia.It also seeks to protect "vulnerable vessels" in the Gulf of Aden and off the Somali coast, according to the mission's Web site.
Moderates and the middle class -- the people who determine who wins elections -- felt squeezed even before the fiscal crisis, with rising health care and energy costs absorbing whatever benefit they might have received from tax cuts.As the two parties grew more polarized, power shifted from the center to the margins, and special interests increased their influence.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon.
Her office came under scrutiny after a couple who lacked an invitation were allowed into President Obama's first state dinner. "I like building something.CNN's Ed Henry, Suzanne Malveaux and John King contributed to this report
He was hanged after having been convicted on 13 counts of killings and genocide, Ali al-Dabagh said.It does not say what happens if they do not sign.CNN's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report.
Tom and Meredith are greatly saddened by this loss of life," the Brokaw statement said.New York police confirmed that one person was killed in an accident on the expressway involving an SUV, a postal truck and a possible third vehicle.No other details were released.
So Democrats had no choice but to rely on the perfectly legitimate process known as reconciliation.That is, assuming everything that happened yesterday at Blair House was real -- and not merely a theatrical setup for a Democratic-led effort next week to push through, using reconciliation, what Democrats on the Hill call "the big bill."The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarette, Jr.
Simpson from Fulham, west London had hoped to raise just £500 for UNICEF's earthquake appeal by cycling eight kilometers (five miles)around a local park. "On behalf of the many children in Haiti, I thank Charlie for his effort."Money raised by Simpson will go towards UNICEF's Haiti Earthquake Children's Appeal which will provide water, sanitation, education, nutrition as well as support child protection.
In New York, meanwhile, her son, Maxim Janvier, had no way of knowing what befell her other than she was missing.Full coverage l Twitter updates The life-long Port-au-Prince resident was undergoing surgery aboard the USS Bataan, Janvier said.She was reported to have suffered a fractured femur in the quake.
The group began life as the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat with aspirations to overthrow the Algerian government.Around 2004, it joined forces with al Qaeda and extended its reach across North and West Africa.CNN's Saad Abedine contributed to this report.
Authorities have recommended that Ampatuan be charged with 25 counts of murder. "Thousands of rounds of ammunition and several firearms were recovered from the compound, Cabangbang said.CNN's Nick Valencia, Joyce Joseph and Sarita Harilela contributed to this report.
By December, Toyota had spent about $5.4 million on federal lobbying efforts for 2009, more than Honda, Volkswagen, Nissan or any other foreign automaker.In 2009, Toyota employed 31 lobbyists, hired to exert influence and defend the company's interests before Congress, the White House and federal agencies, such as the Department of Transportation and Department of Energy.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheila Krumholz and Dave Levinthal.
The two victims returned fire, driving Wicks out of the courthouse, and pursued him into the street along with two other marshals and three other court security officers -- a total of seven officers, authorities said.Police believe he acted alone. "Cones were scattered across Las Vegas Boulevard Monday evening, with each representing a slug or shell casing from the gun battle.
A helicopter made an emergency crash landing off Newfoundland en route to Hibernia oil field on Thursday.The helicopter had been heading to the Hibernia offshore oil platform when it went down in what Grychowski called a controlled emergency crash landing.The pilot reported some technical malfunctions before the crash and radioed that he was turning the chopper around, said Rick Burt of Cougar Helicopters -- the operator of the S-92 Sikorsky copter.
All that time saying, 'My God, I don't want to die.On Thursday night, neighbors found a power saw and a portable generator.This is where Anaika's family has taken refuge -- and where they mourn the passing of a little girl with an angel's voice.
Here, a back-of-the-envelope calculation might help.Assume that each Haitian needs 5 pounds of goods per day (food, water, medical supplies, soap, cooking fuel, the gasoline needed to distribute these supplies and more).The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Baruch Fischhoff and Kathleen Tierney.
The memo, dated February 25, was written after the facilities manager for the air traffic control tower at New York's John F. Kennedy Airport learned about the incident, a source who has seen the memo told CNN. "The controller and supervisor involved are veteran employees, the official said.CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
Marie Ali, a spokeswoman for Chartis, told CNN the plane is being auctioned "as salvage" but declined to provide further details about the auction.A spokesperson for Sullenberger said the captain is aware the plane is at a salvage yard.US Airways did not immediately return calls for comment about the auction.
CNN: So what is the status of the effort right now?It's a really high-tech carbon fiber airplane which is 200 feet in wingspan.In the 21st century I think the heroes will be the people who will improve the quality of life, fight poverty and introduce more sustainability.
Somebody was constantly telling us... 'You have received the oral sentence to be hanged, we are just waiting for the written order.'" "Why do you play such games with us?It plays the same games with its own nation and people."
The Immigration and Refugee Board recently granted refugee status to Brandon Huntley, 31, a South African native who has been living illegally in Canada.The South African government would have preferred Canada seek its view "before such a decision was made," South African Foreign Affairs spokesman Ronnie Mamoepa told The Times. "Quite clearly, the allegations are as preposterous as they are laughable -- which they would be if they were not serious," he told the newspaper.
Army spokesman Lt.Suspicion fell on Ampatuan after a government construction vehicle was found at the hastily dug mass grave that held the bodies of the massacre victims.CNN's Talia Kayali contributed to this report.
Watch Mizrahi talk about his new book » But more than that, I have designs [in] the entertainment business.Whatever it is, she knows that it just makes her life really easy so she associates with it, you know?I don't like to commit to one thing necessarily, but when I do commit to it, it's whole and complete.
Hanford won't be decontaminated quickly.The stimulus money will reduce the cleanup time by years, according to Jon Peschong, who oversees the federal project at Hanford. "It has my manufacturers raising their eyebrows saying, 'Wow how does that guy do that?'"
5:44 p.m. -- Doctors at a makeshift, outdoor hospital in Jacmel, Haiti, say they need more specialists, including orthopedic doctors and anesthesiologists, CNN's Soledad O'Brien reports.Zizi, believed to be in her 70s, did not have access to food or water in the seven days since the quake, Cooper reports.Follow daily developments: January 12 Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday Monday
Cooks fill the pass-through window with Grand Slam breakfasts Tuesday at a Denny's in Emeryville, California.The chain promises to give a short stack of three pancakes to all comers on "National Pancake Day," February 24.IHOP requests a donation to Children's Miracle Network or other local charities in exchange.
Messages that encourage demonstrations will be screened, and organizers of illegal protests will face heavy penalties, the Iranian Labor News Agency reported, citing Tehran Police Chief Ahmadi Mogadham.Karrubi had been especially vocal about the claims of detainee rape -- even publishing a first-hand account of one alleged victim on his Web site in October.The parliamentary committee met with Karrubi about the claims, but he "did not present any convincing evidence or reliable documentation of the alleged abuse," Mehr said the report found.
Ahmad Wais Afzali, a Muslim cleric and funeral director from the New York borough of Queens, was one of the first people charged in what authorities have described as a plot to detonate bombs on New York subways.He admitted to repeating the lie during another interview with prosecutors a few days later. "CNN's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report.
We're basically out of painkillers.Now our whole family is together.... They give us strength every day."CNN's Katie Hawkins-Gaar, Nicole Saidi and Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report.
The U.S. Coast Guard said it has witnessed only normal maritime traffic around Haiti, and it has not intercepted any Haitians attempting illegal crossings into U.S. waters.Further, there is a large U.S. government presence in Haiti and offshore -- factors that will make any migration easier for the government to detect. "CNN Pentagon Producer Mike Mount contributed to this report.
Attorney Byron Potts says his client is not being pressured to recant her story. "Potts said his client was coming forward "to right the wrong perpetrated on these six individuals."But he added, "If there are other circumstances around the recanting, we should know what they are."
At the moment, you've got no answers.We then had to look hard at our budget and make some rather difficult cuts in the future equipment program as a result," Hoon testified.Blair testified in January.
We have spent a week here in Florida in a living hell," the father said. "And then to be told 10 hours later... that they had bad intel -- they don't have her."They're just broken."
It's 8:44 p.m. and we're still getting aftershocks!Using texts, she told of how she saw dead bodies on the road, and how she and four other missionaries were helping the injured.CNN's Alanne Orjoux contributed to this report.
Silverman will join about 300 atheists in a Newark, New Jersey, hotel ballroom to proclaim another message: The atheist movement in America is growing.Two events changed that, he says: the rise of the Internet and the election of George W. Bush.The hotels are cheap, and everybody has time off."
About 80,000 people have placed their names on the waiting list for seats. "What we want to be able to do is bring space travel down to a price range where hundreds of thousands of people would be able to experience space, and they never dreamed that [they] could," Branson said last year.He has said he hopes the technology will lead to a new form of Earth travel, jetting people across oceans and continents faster through suborbital routes.
There were 2,600 murders last year and killings are going on at a faster clip this year.The Mexican War on Drugs is not lost: it never seriously began.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Bowden.
Media must not report on corruption allegations relating to the eldest son of President Hu Jintao." "Direct orders from the government -- sometimes containing the explicit threat of "punishment from the Central Propaganda Department" -- was only one element in Beijing's arsenal against the press, the report said.The IFJ calls itself "a non-governmental, non-profit organization that promotes coordinated international action to defend press freedom and social justice through the development of strong, free and independent trade unions of journalists."
Roddick, the tournament's 2004 champion, will face Tomas Berdych in Sunday's title match after coming from behind to defeat Spanish fourth seed Nadal 4-6 6-3 6-3 in the semis at Key Biscayne.If you give him time to hit the ball hard it's really tough," Berdych said. "I wanted to play more aggressive, but without making mistakes."
He said he is unable to work now and complained about the high cost of medication.Don't they need to acknowledge my son's blood first so I can forgive them?E-mail to a friend CNN's Jomana Karadsheh, Elise Labott, Ingrid Formanek, Jim Clancy and Saad Abedine contributed to this report.
It's a good time to interact with people but also have fun while doing something non-politically related," she said, speaking on the condition of anonymity. "Campaign disbursements to the Nationals for fundraising expenses averaged $11,000 per year from 2005 to 2007, but that increased by twelvefold, to about $131,000, in 2008, the year the park opened.According to Kasten, "A ballpark is a controversy-free zone, a politics-free zone, where everyone can unify behind the idea of just having fun."
She said her daughter has had counseling over the years, and "she's going to get the help she needs now."Clothes and baking powder to hide the smell of soiled diapers were found inside the 2-foot-by-3-foot box.Shannon had been inside the box for about half a day before authorities found her late Wednesday, but she might have been in and out of the box for several days, investigators said.
Al-Mabhouh's brother, Fayek al-Mabhouh, said that preliminary results of Hamas' investigation of the death showed his brother was killed by electrocution and strangulation with a piece of cloth.Hamas officials accused Israel of assassinating Mahmoud al-Mabhouh.Israeli officials have not responded to those charges.
Despite dominating the match, Madrid had to wait until the 76th minute for their second goal, Higuain sliding the ball home from Guti's pass for his 24th goal of the season, two behind Lionel Messi at the top of the scoring charts.Meanwhile, Spanish international striker David Villa took his season's goal tally to 20 with two late goals as Valencia defeated Osasuna 3-0, to take a firm grip on third position.Joaquin opened the scoring in the 47th minute before Villa netted his first with a minute to go -- and then doubled his tally with an injury-time penalty.
And the vehicle became fodder for late-night comedians and Internet jokes. "The grass-roots social justice group CodePink created an anti-Hummer campaign during the height of the Bush administration, including a Top Ten Reasons Not To Buy A Hummer.CNN's Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report.
He gives many, and I wondered what we could elicit from him that would be new or noteworthy.Some of the younger generation of exiles are losing faith in the Dalai Lama's abandonment of the dream of Tibetan independence.But they must know they'll have much more trouble on their hands once he is gone and the angry younger generation takes over.
The source would not say when the separation occurred, only that it happened a while ago.People magazine, a CNN sister organization, first reported the story.CNN's Deb Krajnak contributed to this report.
The 20-term New York Democrat told reporters he had submitted a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi requesting a temporary leave of absence until a broad-reaching House ethics committee investigation concludes. "Rangel is a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus, which has 42 members in the House.CNN's Brianna Keilar and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report
The onslaught of attention was so extreme, Simpson said on Wednesday's "The Oprah Winfrey Show," she couldn't escape it. "I finally relaxed, and I don't care what people have to say about my weight.I think I look great."
They waited for hours at police headquarters in hopes that their daughter would be found.Sacramento police are working with the FBI as part of a nationwide campaign to combat underage prostitution called Innocence Lost.Even though they have more work than they can handle, vice officers hold out hope that they can save more girls from a life of prostitution.
Police officers said Carter and another man were smoking marijuana on a street, and the officers found a.40-caliber pistol in Carter's possession.Born and raised in New Orleans, Carter launched his solo career at age 16 with the release of "Tha Block is Hot" in 1999.He won two BET Awards in 2007 and four Grammy Awards in 2009.
I've been with her since she was 12 so we just have to look into each other's eyes and we know right away.In 2006, she placed fifth at the Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy, and last year she finished second at the World Figure Skating Championships in Los Angeles, California.Liz Manley was the last skater to medal for Canada, earning silver at the 1988 Calgary Games.
Emmitt says the family history he unearthed in book 22 shook him to the core.In an old ledger, Marjorie found a man named Prince Puryear who was described with the letter "m," which meant mulatto. "TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
It is a miracle that no one was killed or seriously injured," PSNI Chief Constable Matt Baggott said. "They "simply want to drag Northern Ireland back to the dark days of the past," Baggott said, condemning "cowardly attacks" by "terrorists" who "want to destroy all that is good about Northern Ireland and have no place in a modern civilized society." "The two biggest parties in the province, the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party and the pro-Irish Sinn Fein, reached a deal earlier this month to bring police powers under local control, averting a crisis that had threatened to force new elections.
Amy DeNegri took pictures of the can in question right after her husband gagged on its contents.I'm easy, but they're the ones that are making it hard."CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
The operation was against a network of folks, who had been tracked for a while, involved in producing IEDs as well as some criminal activity," said the official, who asked not to be named. "U.S. and other international forces have been working to stop such fatalities, and they have accused Taliban militants of putting civilians in harm's way.CNN's Atia Abawi contributed to this report.
Despite the length of time Morgan has been gone I remain hopeful," she wrote. "Harrington said he reached out to Smart last week to seek advice on how to go through the disappearance of a child.Harrington was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt, a black miniskirt, black tights and black boots when last seen.
We asked both Bowler and Chabot about the possibility of terrorists creeping across the frontier.But Chabot said the government had the area fairly well covered. "So, for now, if you want to travel to Canada through Scobey or Whitetail, the agents who inspect your vehicles will be using the buildings now in place -- and according to the locals, you will be adequately served.
Under Michael Steele's leadership, the RNC has been accused of spending campaign funds on private jets, booze, limousines, five-star hotels, overseas resorts and a party donor's trip to a Hollywood bondage club.Conservative voters will not be enthusiastic about supporting a party whose leaders partake in lavish and questionable activities, and Democrats will have more evidence that their opponents cannot be trusted with power.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer.
At least two clashes occurred at Revolution Square, where police attacked demonstrators with batons and chased them onto side streets, witnesses said.The students this year are demonstrating against the disputed June 12 presidential election.In central Tehran, plumes of smoke rose from a large garbage bin that had been set on fire, witnesses told CNN.
While each new earthquake can slow relief efforts, those efforts were advancing Friday, including at the port, where critical supplies are being shipped in.Impact Your World International aid contributions since the quake have totaled hundreds of millions of dollars.U.S. spending for relief in Haiti has hit $170 million, the federal government announced Thursday.
However, the report adds that the FBI often addresses the issue through the Cyber Division's criminal intrusion program, which is a priority of the agency.Similarly, ID theft investigations are often part of larger federal criminal investigations into health care fraud, mortgage fraud and credit card fraud. "Identity theft can also be a significant element of violent crimes, such as domestic abuse, and even terrorism, and a significant number of ID theft-related crimes originate overseas," the report said.
It has the earmarks of a traditional honor killing," the official said, adding that the women were found bound and gagged.NATO officials believe the U.S. and Afghan troops may have dug some bullets out of the wall for purposes of the initial investigation, which is a common practice, the official said.CNN's Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
The striker made a public apology on Monday, but could face further disciplinary action from the German Football Association on Tuesday.Peru finished bottom of the South American group.He moved to Hamburg in 2006 after beginning his Bundesliga career at Bayern Munich, and played as a second-half substitute against Hannover after recently returning to action following seven months on the sidelines with a knee injury.
Share your photos and video NASA said Discovery's mission will mark the first time four women have been in space at one time: Three women -- mission specialists Stephanie Wilson, Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger and Naoko Yamazaki -- comprise part of the Discovery's crew, while NASA astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson is already at the space station.The launch comes three days after Russian spacecraft Soyuz TMA-18, carrying Dyson and Russian cosmonauts Alexander Skvortsov and Mikhail Kornienko, blasted off to the International Space Station from a Kazakhstan facility.The space station, which orbits the Earth at a height of some 250 miles, is due to be finished next year and is about 90 percent complete.
The Vatican's failure occurred despite the establishment of safeguards established four years earlier to deal with the growing abuse scandal inside the Catholic Church, they said.They have a problem.... They fail to do what is necessary to protect children across the globe."CNN's Alan Silverleib and Sumnima Udas contributed to this report.
Here CNN Senior Meteorologist Brandon Miller explains the science behind the deadly squall that hit the Louis Majesty as it traveled from Barcelona, Spain to Genoa, Italy.Rogue waves, especially those not associated with stormy conditions, are far less common, but present the biggest danger to ships due to their unexpected nature.In order for this to occur, the strong wind must blow in a consistent direction over a large distance (fetch), such as in large typhoons/hurricanes.
White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said the president has brought about "enormous change." "Discussing his health care initiative, Jarrett said Obama "has sat down with the leadership and members of the Republican Party, both the House and the Senate.In fact, bills in both the House and the Senate contain provisions that were suggested by the Republican Party -- so nothing's changed about the president's approach."
The only problem: The rumors are false, an American Airlines spokesman says. "Posted one user on Twitter about 10:30 a.m. ET: "American Airline and Jet Blue Are NOT Flying doctors and nurses into Haiti for free.Do NOT call them."
Hall, who has worked across machines such as the N64, Sony PSP, PS2, and Nintendo DS, told CNN that some of the concepts in The Matrix were now "eerily reaching towards theoretical possibility". "View gallery of gaming through the years » According to experts, the sci-fi scenarios depicted in The Matrix, and Star Trek's 'Holodeck' are now comprehendible realities in the future.A market where simple games could be downloaded for free and then add-ons to significantly improve the game were sold at a premium, could be a more financially rewarding for the makers, he said.
Have your class host a Harlem Renaissance cultural fair.What do they want future generations to know about it?Resources CNN: Black in America 2: http://www.cnn.com/SPECIALS/2009/black.in.america/ U.S. Census Bureau: Black (African-American) History Month: February 2010: http://www.census.gov/Press-Release/www/releases/archives/facts_for_features_special_editions/014487.html
It ended a long wait for the Bavarian giants who have not headed the German standings since winning the title in 2008.In Sunday's other game, Hanover continued their slump with a ninth defeat in a row as defending champions Wolfsburg secured a 1-0 away victory.A double from Brazilian Pato enabled Milan to keep up the pressure on Jose Mourinho's men while third placed AS Roma saw their title hopes slip away in a 2-2 draw at Napoli, having led 2-0.
In guidelines published on its Web site, the FDA said it has "some concern" about the safety of BPA, and supports efforts by industry to remove BPA from infant bottles and feeding cups.This is a huge step forward.The Bush administration wanted to close the books and declare this safe, and now that's not going to happen," Lunder said.
There is a little compassion in the world."All of those found dead were African-American women.CNN's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report.
Along with the Linden Police Department, investigators from the county prosecutor's office and the city fire department also were at the site.Officials spread a white sheet around the trash bags before loading the remains onto two stretchers and taking them away for further study.Autopsies were scheduled for Monday afternoon, according to the prosecutor's office.
The Supreme Court considered a pair of cases involving hidden money and an illegal gambling ring.He said lawmakers seemed to want a broader interpretation of "proceeds" as the term applied to money laundering.Justices Samuel Alito, Anthony Kennedy, Stephen Breyer, and Chief Justice John Roberts dissented.
Over photos of the Canadian landscape, Farwell concludes, "This is filmed in southern Alberta, the land where Sarah's people lived for so many generations.Then-Chief Justice William Rehnquist wrote that a criminal defendant could seek judicial relief "in the event that evidence is introduced that is so unduly prejudicial that it renders the trial fundamentally unfair."The justices in 2006 unanimously upheld the conviction of another California killer after the victim's family members wore buttons with a picture of the slain man as they sat silently in front of jurors throughout the trial.
The claims come in a book by Andrew Rawnsley of the Observer newspaper, which will be released March 1.But he said Rawnsley had a history of writing about events he had not witnessed. "He's a very good, colorful writer, but that's it," Mandelson said.
Washington served from 1789 to 1797, then died of a throat infection two years later.He died at his beloved Mount Vernon at age 67, plunging the nation into months of mourning.Last year, a 1864 letter in which President Abraham Lincoln replies to the abolitionist pleas of youth sold for $3.4 million.
In those days, however, rebellion bore a different hue.Larson recalls seeing her father, Vergel, smack her mother for expressing jealousy over his second wife, Mae.E-mail to a friend CNN's Gary Tuchman and Amanda Townsend contributed to this report.
The 45-page opinion from Attorney General Douglas F. Gansler was addressed to state Sen. Richard S. Madaleno Jr. "You have asked whether those marriages may be recognized under state law.The District of Columbia has also passed a law allowing same-sex marriage, although it has not yet taken effect.CNN's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report.
The world's No.Faldo also went on to cement his position among the game's elite when he captained the European Ryder Cup team in 2008.Time will tell if Tiger Woods' self-confessed "personal failings" will impact on his career, but his world-beating marketability may have to undergo some change.
Steven Hayes was in intensive care, attorney Thomas Ullmann said.The couple's two daughters, 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit, died from smoke inhalation.Hayes and Komisarjevsky, who is set to be tried separately, could face the death penalty if convicted.
I think there is a lot of confusion," said Marivittoria Rava, a longtime volunteer with the charity Friends of the Orphans, which runs a children's hospital caring for some post-operative patients from the general hospital.To change that, charity groups have set up shifts and literally drawn lines, sketching maps on hospital walls showing who is working where.Those on the ground advise doctors who want to help Haiti to wait and volunteer in a few weeks or months.
Our prayers have been with him through his battles against illness and it is very sad to hear of his early passing.Our thoughts are with his young family and we extend to them our sincerest condolences."Kruger made his final appearance in the green and gold against New Zealand in 1999.
Fees have increased 182 percent since 2002.Class waiting lists have doubled or tripled. "The less affordable education becomes, the less likely low-income students will be able to get a college education," said Lillian Taiz, president of the California Faculty Association and a professor of history at California State University, Los Angeles.
Cardenas Guillen pleaded guilty to five felony charges, including conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute, conspiracy to launder money and threatening to assault and kill federal agents.Tagle also fined Cardenas Guillen $100,000 and ordered him to five years probation once his sentence is served.He is not eligible for parole.
A female shooting suspect was in custody and a second person was detained, "not arrested," spokesman Ray Garner told reporters.Garner said the incident occurred shortly before 4 p.m. in Shelby Hall.Asked why students had not been alerted for more than an hour after the shootings, Reyes said, "I can't comment on that part."
Osbourne also discussed the current state of the music industry and the "manufacturing" of artists today. "It's completely different -- they're manufactured people now... like ice cream. "Every now and then somebody comes out and I really like them -- I really like this Lady Gaga."
An Afghan woman casts her ballot at a polling station in Kabul on August 20.Last month, final uncertified results showed Karzai with 54 percent of the vote.CNN's Tom Evans contributed to this report.
Health care today is paid for by three entities.That is 17.3 percent of the U.S. economy and it's rising at a rapid rate.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins.
They are labelled by many as overpaid selfish prima donnas who could not care less about the world around them.We must help them.I felt I should do something and that's why I have decided to make a donation to Medecins sans Frontieres," said the former Arsenal legend.
Defending champion Venus Williams showed her liking for the venue with a straight sets 6-3 6-4 win over promising young Russian Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in their quarterfinal later on Thursday.In other quarterfinal action, seventh seed Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland saw off Russian qualifier Regina Kulikova in three hard-fought sets, 3-6 6-4 6-3.She will play fourth seed Victoria Azarenka of Belaus who brushed aside Russian Vera Zvonareva 6-1 6-3 to reach the last four.
Delmer was the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express at the time when Hitler wrote the letter.He was born in Berlin and spent the first 15 years of his life there before his family were expatriated to the UK.He is reported to be the first British journalist to interview Hitler, who he later described as a rather ordinary looking man with hair that had been arranged too carefully.
First season "Top Chef" host and cookbook writer Katie Lee offers the same advice. "With 10 best picture nominees, there are plenty of themes to choose from.That's kind of what we focus on."
The cell is believed to have conducted nearly 50 assassinations.The arrest occurred ahead of Iraq's March 7 national elections, and the military says intelligence reports indicate that the al Qaeda in Iraq fighters "are increasingly staging politically motivated assassinations" to undermine the Iraqi government and the upcoming polls.CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
With around 90 percent of votes counted, just over 93 percent said no and just under 2 percent said yes.The Dutch government spent €1.3 billion ($1.87 billion) to cover bank losses in the country.The Icelandic government said it has "clearly stated its intention to honor its international obligations and remains fully committed to implementing the bilateral loan agreements with the UK and the Netherlands."
The Madrid train bombings -- coordinated attacks on four morning-rush commuter trains -- killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800.Spanish courts previously had convicted 14 Islamic militants for their roles in the train bombings.Among them were four Spaniards convicted of trafficking in the explosives used in the attacks.
Kilpatrick pleaded guilty in September to two felony counts of obstruction of justice stemming from his efforts to cover up an extramarital affair.He also pleaded no contest to charges of assaulting a police officer attempting to serve a subpoena on a Kilpatrick friend in that case.He was accused of blocking a criminal investigation into his office and firing a police deputy to cover up the affair.
But first he had to finish telling me about himself.It all seemed totally benign -- sweet middle aged ladies stitching together jackets and blazers, smiling at me as I walked by.But -- most importantly -- I like to think that I looked damn good doing it.
Over the holidays, I was in New York City.Which bag specifically?"The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene.
Jason Robert Bourque, 19, and Daniel George McAllister, 21, are charged with one count of arson each in connection with a February 8 fire at Dover Baptist Church in Tyler, Texas.Subsequent review of this video revealed individuals known... as Jason Robert Bourque and Daniel George McAllister were present at said location close to the same time the fire at Dover Baptist Church was discovered."Authorities have given no information on a motive for the fires.
According to the Turner Enterprises Inc. Web site, Turner, who founded CNN in 1980, is the largest individual landowner in North America with an estimated 2 million acres.His Western properties consist of 15 ranches in seven states.His bison herd is about 50,000 animals, making it the largest private herd in the world, his Web site said.
Investigators found that the former child actor was supplied with prescriptions for five controlled substances by seven doctors in the last 10 weeks of his life, Attorney General Jerry Brown said. "In recent years, the actor was reunited with longtime friend and frequent co-star Corey Feldman in a reality show. "The Two Coreys" ran for two seasons on the A&E Network before it was canceled.
The great-grandson of famed Chiricahua Apache warrior Geronimo sued Skull and Bones last year, claiming the society had Geronimo's remains.Historians disagreed on whether the society had ever dug up Geronimo's grave.The collegiate society has existed since 1832 and has prominent alumni such as former President George W. Bush and his grandfather, Sen. Prescott Bush.
Al-Mabhouh's brother, Fayek al-Mabhouh, said that preliminary results of Hamas' investigation of the death showed his brother was killed by electrocution and strangulation with a piece of cloth.Hamas officials accused Israel of assassinating Mahmoud al-Mabhouh.Israeli officials have not responded to that allegation.
Opposition leaders have accused Bakiev of consolidating power by keeping key economic and security posts in the hands of relatives or close associates.The demonstrations spread to the capital on Wednesday after the government responded by arresting opposition leaders in Talas.CNN's Ben Brumfield, Matthew Chance, Talia Kayali and Matt Smith contributed to this report.
The shuttle's 13-day mission includes three planned spacewalks, replacing an ammonia tank assembly and retrieving a Japanese experiment from the station's exterior.It is scheduled to return to Earth on April 18 at 8:35 a.m. ET.There are only three shuttle missions remaining before the space shuttle fleet is retired.
And so it goes for the Huskies, who trailed 20-12 after a hideous first half Tuesday night before slipping the padlocks and swimming to the surface, triumphant.UConn has too many weapons," Oklahoma City Thunder star Kevin Durant said on Twitter last week. "The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Rushin.
When your parents tell you to eat your broccoli, you don't know whether you're going to like them or not," he told the kids, emphasizing the point of the classic story. "You've got to try it.... [And] when your parents tell you to eat your peas, eat your peas."The first White House Easter Egg Roll was hosted by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878.
Together they fulfilled their first campaign promise with passage of the Cullen-Harrison Act, which increased the amount of alcohol allowed in beverages from 0.5 percent to a discernible 3.2 percent by weight.Several breweries dispatched cases directly to the White House and the Capitol.E-mail to a friend
She requested that her name not be published. "Here we have this man, and he's being the normal, small-town businessman, and he's following all the cultural paths available and all the norms, so when you have people coming forward and saying this man is doing something to me that's outside the norm, there's a tendency to not listen closely or to ignore it," said Jeff Edwards, a hospital employee who has lived in Fort Bragg most of his life. "I guess we are to blame in a way, for thinking that this could never happen in our town."
The 18-year-old Emory University student said she appreciates what the guys stand for.The loss prompted Fulton and her friends to create a bucket list made up of kind gestures, long-term goals, personal achievements and travel destinations.I'm hooked," he said.
They wanted to assault him.I can confirm that is what his wife has said, that it was an assault.There was no shoot-out nor any quarrel," Bauer added.
Our revolution has changed the patterns and the equations of the world," he said in a nationally televised interview.The same countries who doubt Iran could, instead, partner with Iran and build the nuclear plants themselves if they wanted, he said. "CNN's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report.
Amla had only 38 to his name when Kallis reached his ton, but then took charge in the third and final session as hit hit 55 of the 92 runs scored.It ended a frustrating day for the home side, who had to give reserve wicketkeeper Wriddhiman Saha his debut as a specialist batsman after VVS Laxman failed a fitness test and Rohit Sharma injured himself playing football in the warm-up.Dhoni then lost the toss, and Zaheer's early exploits proved to be a false dawn.
In November, Quaid's 12-day-old twins, Thomas Boone and Zoe Grace, were undergoing intravenous antibiotic treatment for a staph infection at Los Angeles' Cedars-Sinai Hospital.However, instead of the 10 units of heparin they were supposed to receive, the twins received 10,000 units, 1,000 times the prescribed amount.Baxter is hopeful that it can resolve this litigation and partner together with the Quaids for the beneffit of clinicians and patients rather than continue to litigate this matter in the courts," the statement said.
The U.S.-Canadian border is more than 5,000 miles long.We've had a mutual aid system in place since the '50s and I can't remember anything like this happening," said Trombley.E-mail to a friend
Home to Arc'teryx, Westcomb, and Prior, these Vancouver-based brands are leading the charge in innovative gear technology and design.I look at architecture and buildings.Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Rafiq Husseini was accused of using the power of his office to extract sex from a female job seeker.I refuse to be blackmailed and I stood up to the black mailers even when that meant that I would lose my job over it."CNN's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report.
Louis in Illinois and Missouri -- St. Louis-Kansas City in Missouri -- Minneapolis/St.Paul-Madison in Minnesota and Wisconsin -- Madison-Milwaukee in Wisconsin -- Milwaukee-Chicago in Wisconsin and Illinois -- Cleveland-Columbus-Cincinnati in Ohio -- Detroit/Pontiac-Chicago in Michigan, Indiana and Illinois -- Tampa-Orlando in Florida -- Raleigh-Charlotte in North Carolina -- Washington-Richmond in the District of Columbia and Virginia -- Raleigh-Richmond in North Carolina and Virginia -- New York City-Albany-Buffalo in New York -- New York City-Montreal in New York and Quebec, Canada. --Boston-New York-Washington in Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, and the District of Columbia -- Brunswick-Portland in Maine -- Philadelphia-Harrisburg-Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania -- Springfield-East Northfield in Massachusetts -- New Haven-Springfield in Connecticut and Massachusetts
Twelve days after a magnitude-7.0 earthquake, the focus in Haiti has shifted from extracting survivors from heaps of rubble to helping those who survived.They need medicine," he says. "One, maybe two, of her children might sleep a little better tonight.
They turned a rather ordinary recall into a brand-threatening crisis," said Jeff Kingston, a professor of Asian studies at Temple University's Japan campus in Tokyo.Also, Japanese language tends to be indirect -- whereas before the committee members are likely to pepper him with direct questions and "be a bit of political theater," Hamlin added. "He's got to walk a very fine line of polite respect -- which Japanese have in bucket loads -- and the confidence of being head of one of the largest, most respected companies in the world," Hayden said.
The strike began at midnight and caused all government-run institutions -- including schools, airports, trams, subways, and most buses -- to close down.The Greek government has said it will not back down in the face of strikes.CNN's Jim Boulden contributed to this report.
For me, this is not a question," Livni told CNN's Christiane Amanpour, when asked whether she was willing to face arrest. "British legal rules allow arrest warrants to be issued by a court independent of ministerial approval.The arrest warrant was revoked once it was clear Livni was not in Britain, the BBC reported.
In the past three decades, GISS report surface temperature records show an upward trend of about 0.2 degrees Celsius (0.36 degrees Fahrenheit) per decade.In total, according to GISS, average global temperatures have increased by about 0.8 degrees Celsius (1.5 degrees Fahrenheit) since 1880.GISS sources its data using over one thousand weather stations around the world, satellite observations of sea surface temperatures, and research station data from Antarctica -- all of which, they say, is readily available to the public.
The solar sail: super-yachts could cut fuel consumption and emissions by using a sail similar to this.He said the solar sails had the ability to significantly reduce the boats' fuel consumption and greenhouse-gas emissions. "He said there were further hopes that the technology could be improved by developing systems to raise and lower sails with fewer moving parts and store energy more efficiently.
Crittenton, 22, pleaded guilty in Superior Court in the District of Columbia to a misdemeanor count of possession of an unregistered firearm.Arenas, a former NBA all-star, pleaded guilty to a more serious felony charge and faces potentially six months in jail, and has been suspended indefinitely by the NBA.His sentencing is set for March 26.
But that's OK with self-taught artist Sarah Frary of Kentucky, who plans to move into the trailer and spend part of her days helping Shreve with household tasks such as cleaning milk pails and maintaining her Web site, and the rest of her time on her art.She has been taking lessons from a vegan friend who doesn't use any animal products.Cooking takes a lot more planning on the homestead because the nearest grocery store is about an hour away.
He armed himself with a sawed-off shotgun he named Arlene, the same name Columbine shooter Eric Harris gave his gun, he wrote in his journal.Castillo, who has a history of mental illness, admitted shooting his father and firing at the students, but defense attorneys James Williams and Phoebe Dee argued he was not criminally responsible for his actions because he was legally insane.Nineteen days later, Castillo shot his father dead, dressed in the manner of the Columbine shooters, drove to his alma mater and opened fire.
Kathy May, a teacher at Central Falls High, said she's disheartened. "And I'm sad that we're not going to be around to follow that through, to push that forward."McLaughlin said the negotiations were about job security, not pay, and said the teachers are ready to resume talks.
VBS.TV is Vice's broadband television network.The whole situation has become ultra charged by the fact that there are tons of news channels operating uncensored by the insanely corrupt government.For Pakistan, it's a volatile, turbulent, and fascinating moment in time.
Tevez was jeered by the home fans, but the Argentine again showed what the Old Trafford club are missing when pulling a goal back five minutes later, flicking Craig Bellamy's cross powerfully home, ahead of defender Rio Ferdinand, to leave the tie poised for extra time.However, in the 91st minute, England forward Rooney -- who scored all four goals in United's victory over Hull on Saturday -- struck with a close range header from a Giggs to deny City a place in their first major final for 29 years.United will now face Aston Villa in a repeat of the 1994 League Cup final, looking to gain revenge for that particular 3-1 Wembley defeat.
I need violinists, I need pianists, I need everyone in there for a production."In the meantime, me and my boy Taydoe -- we running around to the hospital, to the Jacksons' house, to the star on Hollywood, getting all this [secondary] footage [for the video].And that's just the bottom line.
It changes what we thought about the evolutionary tree concerning the part dealing with transition from fish to land vertebrae."Janvier said. "The divergence between the tetrapods and their closest fish relatives is much younger than previously thought and it obliges us to find actual evidence -- skeletons or complete fossils -- in much earlier strata that could enlighten us between this divergence."
Eleven people died and 36 were wounded in the Monday terror attack, according to a count by the hospital where victims were taken.Two of the dead were police officers.Peshawar is the capital of the Northwest Frontier Province, where the Pakistani government has also waged its recent military offense against Taliban militants.
The defender lashed an ambitious shot from long range which caught Benin goalkeeper Yoann Djidonou off his line and dropped into the top-right corner of the net.Egypt doubled their lead in the 23rd minute when Emad Motaeb was able to bundle the ball home from close range after Ahmed Raouf's header had been parried by Djidonou.The win ensured the 'Pharaohs' qualified with nine points at the top of Group C and Nigeria went through with six while Benin and Mozambique end their campaigns with just a point apiece.
12:29 p.m. -- The USGS confirms a magnitude 4.8 aftershock occurred nine minutes after the magnitude 4.9 at 11:45 a.m. and 15 miles closer to the capital.4:37 p.m. -- Haitians are lining up in the streets for hours to try and receive wire transfers at the banks and wire services open in Haiti.Follow daily developments: January 12 January 13 January 14 Friday Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Authorities also are trying to find the dead woman's estranged husband, the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation said in a statement.The couple had been together for about five years.Geronimo is about 12 miles south of Lawton, Oklahoma, in the south-central part of the state.
Daniel Kerrigan died Sunday after being taken by emergency personnel from his family home in Stoneham, Massachusetts, to a hospital, authorities said.Through a spokeswoman on Tuesday, the Kerrigan family released a statement saying: "Dan Kerrigan was a wonderful husband for 47 years, a caring and loving father to his daughter Nancy and two sons, Michael and Mark, and a grandfather of eight.... The family's focus is on mourning Dan and honoring his life and many contributions."CNN's Vanessa Juarez contributed to this report.
The lives of those children were in imminent danger if someone did not stop George Tiller," Roeder said. "Asked if he regretted what he did, Roeder said, "No, I don't."Perhaps if the Sedgwick County prosecutors had done a better job prosecuting Tiller for how he illegally killed babies, he would still be alive," Terry said.
There's the Reagan tax cuts of course.I could fill the whole screen.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum.
Ti Ali, or Little Ali, is 17 months old, and Big Ali is about 21.But right now, all Haitians in the capital are struggling to do this.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jean Griffith and Ross Haskell.
But the real showstopper at this restaurant -- set more than 400 feet above Paris in the Eiffel Tower -- is its panoramic view.The Big Apple is hardly alone in providing winning skyscraper meals.All rights reserved.
The system aims to protect against fire from missile launchers like these, which were used to fire at an Israeli plane.No missiles will be fired at these flights. "In March, the Northrop system concluded a 14-month test during which anti-missile systems were installed on 11 FedEx cargo planes that flew 4,500 flights.
People got tired," says Lorrie Donham, a middle school science teacher. "That's his right as being an American."Unfortunately, I think it makes you even more hesitant to embrace a stranger."
Another adult was arrested in connection with the October 24 attack, but has a different court date than the others.Police said as many as 10 people were involved in the assault in a dimly lit back alley at the school, while another 10 people watched without calling 911.The victim was taken to the hospital in critical condition but was released Wednesday.
It was unclear if pageant officials would consider this a semi-nude photo, in light of their standard requirement that contestants parade across stage wearing a bikini that arguably shows more bare skin.In a statement given to CNN Tuesday, Prejean said the photos -- and she did use the plural -- were being used in a "vicious and mean-spirited" effort to silence her for "defending traditional marriage."CNN's Aileen Martinez contributed to this report.
Their destiny awaits them, all they have to do is go out and find it.Although the couple racks up a good few miles in their search for home, the movie doesn't betray much interest in location.For Entertainment Weekly's review, click here.
When Carlos was originally writing the script, his bother, Alfonso told him thought it was perfect for Cha Cha Cha.But I told this idea to Gael [Garcia Bernal] and Diego [Luna], and they both said they wanted to play the part.She thinks I'm a genius."
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe leaves a hotel where negotiations had been taking place Tuesday.The official said deciding the duties of the new prime minister has been a sticking point in the negotiations.CNN's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report.
Sean Smith, the executive producer of ABC Family's "Greek," said he has loaned some of his own experiences as an openly gay man to the show.I want the viewers to know Mitchell and Cameron's sex and love life is just fine," Ferguson wrote. "They also have regular bowel movements, but that is something you don't see either."
Investigators do not think it was Kimberley Cudanin, he said.In fact, investigators do not think she assaulted anyone, but under Maryland law, her role in the attack warrants the assault charges, Toohey said.CNN's Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report.
A court in Ikeja in southwest Nigeria ruled that Lawal Adekunie Nurudeen will also have to pay back the 56-year-old woman, even if it meant selling the two plots of land and the Honda Prelude he bought with her money.The woman agreed to marry him.Some of the scams have earned the name "419" after the clause in the Nigerian criminal code that deals with obtaining property under false pretense.
The creators of an extremely popular Diet Coke and Mentos video on the site have made $50,000.Travelistic also doesn't restrict who can post videos, so some material on the site comes from tourism promoters.Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip.
Charles Barkley was driving an Infiniti SUV through a trendy area of Scottsdale on Wednesday, police say.TNT is owned by Turner Broadcasting Corp., also the parent company of CNN.CNN's Nick Valencia contributed to this report.
If the PLN -- the Spanish acronym for the ruling National Liberation Party party -- wins, Laura Chinchilla would become the nation's first female president.Video footage showed flag-waving supporters of the main presidential candidates dressed in their respective campaign colors throughout the country.CNN's Roberto Pazos contributed to this report.
Chinese military officers after a meeting about the People's Liberation Army in 2007.The United States says the lack of transparency by the Chinese on its spending poses "risks to stability by increasing the potential for misunderstanding and miscalculation," and that China has yet to explain to the international community the purpose of its military expansion, Pentagon officials said.E-mail to a friend
At a Saturday community event at the campus where the attack took place, the Rev. Jim Wheeler, who said he was the family's pastor at First Presbyterian Church in Richmond, read a statement from the teenager's parents. "Work toward changing the atmosphere in our schools and in this community so that this kind of thing never happens again. "Please do not let this happen again."
The new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START) to be signed Thursday by the two leaders builds on a previous agreement that expired in December.Warheads on deployed ICBMs (Intercontinental ballistic missiles) and deployed SLBMs (submarine-launched ballistic missiles) count toward this limit and each deployed heavy bomber equipped for nuclear armaments counts as one warhead toward this limit," the White House said.Some of those issues are expected to come up at the nuclear security summit in Washington on April 12-13.
Most of those who were injured had not been wearing seat belts, passengers said. "Because we have no way to predict what happened.It just happened."
The North Carolina-based headquarters of the Sigma Gamma Rho sorority also suspended the chapter at Rutgers, in New Brunswick, New Jersey.He said four sorority members were arrested Tuesday and two more on Wednesday.Under the Code of Student Conduct, a student found to have engaged in hazing may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including expulsion."
About 200 people could be buried or trapped in the mud, emergency officials said.The cities of Niteroi and Sao Goncalo are among the hardest hit, with more than 80 dead and dozens missing, the news service said.CNN affiliate TV Record showed firefighters, military personnel and other rescuers using heavy machinery to dig for buried residents.
It's not that they can't have sex, they choose not to and I think there's so much popular culture that's saying to young people: 'you'll be cool if you have sex' or 'it's important to be sexy' whereas this series really concentrates on matters of the heart and spirit and I think that's lovely," Weitz told CNN.A dashing male lead, in the shape of Robert Pattison doesn't hurt either when you're trying to attract a female teenage audience.But whatever the exact recipe for its undoubted success it looks like teenagers in the "Twilight" world don't like to bite off more than they can chew.
World number one Woods is taking an "indefinite break" from the circuit after a car crash outside his Florida home on November 27 led to revelations about a string of extramarital affairs.I am going to try to change.Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy defends the title where he made his big breakthrough last year, with European number one Lee Westwood and Sweden's Henrik Stenson also among the favorites for the $416,000 first prize.
The alleged killer's son told authorities that he watched his father kill 27-year-old Lysandra Marie Turpin in 1988 and that his dad forced him to help dispose of the body, the Humboldt County, California, Sheriff's Office announced.A forensic odontologist positively identified the remains as Lysandra Turpin on Wednesday, according to Philp.The woman managed to escape, and detectives were recently able to find her and corroborate Christie's account, Philp said.
As manager of the Sex Pistols and owner, with his then-lover Westwood, of the Sex boutique in London during the mid-1970s, McLaren was considered one of the pioneers of the punk movement. "For me, Malc was always entertaining, and I hope you remember that," Lydon said. "CNN's Stephanie Halasz and Todd Leopold contributed to this report.
From then on, Italian champions Inter Milan were always in control.Sneijder and Dejan Stankovic both had shots well saved by Akinfeev, while the goalkeeper produced a superb save to keep out Diego Milito when the Argentine international went through on goal.The home side rarely threatened after being reduced to 10 men and Inter comfortably held on to reach the last four of the competition for the first time since 2003.
But how much of our identity is lost when we select "female," "African-American" or "Muslim?"My sociopolitical views are a large part of my identity, and I incorporate these into what I wear; whether it's T-shirts emblazoned with the images of activists whom I admire or deliberately manipulating my demeanor to reflect the "professorial" role I assume in the classroom, I am continually aware that others are reading my presentation as a measure of my character.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Paul Strohecker.
They split in April 2007 despite widespread speculation they were close to marriage, but they remained friends and began dating again by the end of that year.The pair is often seen on the town in London, going to exclusive nightclubs.William is now training to be a search-and-rescue pilot with the Royal Air Force, where he holds the rank of flight lieutenant.
Watch Felix Batista's wife, sister plead for his release » Felix Batista served four years in the U.S. Army before entering private practice.A profile on the company's Web site, which has been taken down, said Felix Batista conducted threat assessments and had been credited with the "successful resolution" of almost 100 kidnap-and-ransom cases.We need him here," she said.
Since then, it has allowed inspectors from the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency to visit the plant.Western powers fear that Iran is intent on developing nuclear weapons.That's a claim Tehran denies, but the latest test-firing of the Sajil-2 could add to existing tensions.
Who" we are is where the substance is, where the person is, where our humanity is.Being gay isn't a choice, but being a bigot certainly is.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson.
Ma says China's fascination with shooting hoops stems partially from NBA efforts to promote the league in the world's most populous nation.It is a natural extension of what the NBA's efforts have been in China," Ganis said in an interview, "for Chinese investors to look not just at sponsoring the NBA, not just getting athletes as endorsers of their products, but also for them to now move into ownership of NBA franchises," The move is also expected to bolster the Cavaliers' marketing opportunities in China, where the franchise's merchandise is already a top seller.This is something that I'm sure [NBA China CEO] Ted Chan thinks about every day."
She also had a long career on Broadway and appeared on stage in "Southern Comforts" with her husband in 2006.In addition to Holbrook, to whom she has been married since 1984, Carter is survived by two daughters, Mary Dixie and Ginna.According to Rohr, Carter suffered from endometrial cancer, which forms in the the tissue lining the uterus.
In issuing its recall of milk products, Singapore had already suspended the import and sale of milk and dairy products from China on Friday, after it said it has found traces of melamine in three Chinese-made dairy products.White Rabbit is among the best-known candy brands in China and one of the few exported widely.It also robs infants of much-needed nutrition.
Sean Mulveyhill, 17, Kayla Narey, 17, and Austin Renaud, 18, were not present at Hampshire Superior Court.None of the six students identified in the indictment remains in school, Sayer said.CNN's Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report.
Akaev increasingly turned to repression. "That's why the base is important."The question that remained unanswered this week was whether millions of dollars in U.S. aid would provide enough affiliation to allow continued use of the Manas Transit Center.
The first group remains true to the roots of the movement as it emerged almost one year ago amid bailout backlash.With a growing number of conspiracy entrepreneurs trying to profit off populist anger in a recession, it's also worth keeping the conservative virtue of healthy skepticism in mind.Remember what the author Eric Hoffer warned in his book "The True Believer:" "Every great cause begins as a movement, becomes a business and eventually degenerates into a racket."
Kevin Stricklin of the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) said crews would neutralize potentially explosive air in the Upper Big Branch coal mine with nitrogen, allowing rescuers to go back in and remain there even if an explosive mixture builds again in the air.Rescuers had been using high-pressure fans to pull the toxic air through 1,100-foot holes to the surface Thursday.CNN's Rachel Streitfeld and Samira J. Simone contributed to this report.
If Congress decides we're not going to do it, even after all the facts are laid out, after all the options are clear, then the American people can make a judgment as to whether this Congress has done the right thing for them or not," Obama said. "However, Democratic aides have said that House Democrats want to keep momentum on health care going in coming weeks.CNN's Ed Henry contributed to this story.
The Glasgow, Scotland concert has been shifted from this Sunday to May 1, he said.The tour is expected to resume next Tuesday in Birmingham, England.Houston just completed a tour of Asia and Australia.
Prince William and his father, Prince Charles, at his graduation from the Royal Air Force in April.He learned to fly three different aircraft during the attachment and is known as Flying Officer Wales within the RAF.He saw active service throughout World War II and was in Tokyo Harbor when Japan surrendered.
The girl, Phoebe Prince, "was apparently a very private person; she bore a lot without talking to friends or with her parents or with anybody at school," Gus Sayer told CNN. "That left even Sayer confused. "CNN's Alina Cho contributed to this story.
Jamie Paulin-Ramirez, 31, faces federal charges that she conspired to support terrorists overseas.The U.S. indictment also charges Colleen R. LaRose, a Pennsylvania suspect known as "Jihad Jane," with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists.CNN's Miguel Susana contributed to this report.
Was it a nuclear blast?I don't take for granted how rare that is these days -- and neither should you.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Bianculli.
The TSA has spent years testing full-body imagers.Plans to deploy them this year were given added urgency after the arrest of a Nigerian man, Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab, who has been accused of attempting to detonate an explosive sewn into his underwear on a December 25 flight.Field testing of full-body scanners already is under way at the following 19 airports: • Albuquerque International Sunport Airport • Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport • Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport • Denver International Airport • Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport • Detroit Metro Airport • Indianapolis International Airport • Jacksonville International Airport • McCarran International Airport • Los Angeles International Airport • Miami International Airport • Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport • Raleigh-Durham International Airport • Richmond International Airport • Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport • San Francisco International Airport • Salt Lake City International Airport • Tampa International Airport • Tulsa International Airport CNN's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report.
Cilic, 21, toppled Roddick 7-6 (7-4), 6-3, 3-6, 2-6, 6-3, after the American battled with a shoulder injury for a large part of the grueling five-set, four-hour marathon match.Roddick hit back with 15 aces and 47 winners but Cilic, who took the scalp of U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro in the previous round, sealed his 10th win from 10 matches of 2010 to reach his first grand slam semifinal.World number one Roger Federer faces Russian Nikolay Davydenko in tomorrow's other quarterfinal while Novak Djokovic of Serbia will take on Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France.
Upon their arrest, all seven of the youths "admitted their involvement and their role in this crime," said Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer.Mateo said that Hispanics Across America and Lucero's relatives have retained a law firm and may file suit against the youths' families "to make sure the parents of these seven kids pay the consequences."Today I buried him and I still don't believe that he's dead.... He's left a real emptiness in my family."
Although there is (a) significant international naval presence in the Gulf of Aden, these warships cannot be everywhere and may not always be close at hand to prevent an attack."The incident occurred about 145 miles east of Aden, Yemen.The task force advocates that commercial and civilian vessels in the region implement anti-piracy measures such as maintaining a 24-hour lookout, traveling in convoys and using high-intensity lighting.
This trial is going to bring all this out again."Many Bosnian-Serbs watching this will feel that he's doing the right thing because Serbs have a history of feeling wrongly done to."Failure would call into the question the tribunal's ability to try anyone."
Meanwhile, her rival, former Ukrainian prime minister Victor Yanukovich told CNN it is time for her to give up.Russian President Dmitry Medvedev congratulated Yanukovich by telephone Tuesday, the Kremlin told CNN. "CNN's Matthew Chance, Mike Sefanov and Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report.
Toyoda told King he is dedicated to getting back to the basics of the company in providing reliable, high-quality cars to its customers. "Since I became a president last year in July, I have been sending the messages to all our employees to make better vehicles so that our customers would be very happy to ride our vehicles. "And we would like to maintain this," he said.
My favorite song of all time, 'If I fell' by the Beatles, was recorded there in 1964, and to have played a part in preserving this world-famous venue is as exciting for me as hearing that song for the first time.There was intense speculation last week that the studios were for sale, but the owner shot down the notion on Sunday.CNN's Per Nyberg and Morgan Neill contributed to this report.
Mickelson said that it was "cool if they put that out there."On the course, Imada shot a two-under 70 for a 13-under 203 and had a two-shot lead over Ben Crane (69) and Michael Sim of Australia.U.S. Open champion Lucas Glover carded a 68 and was three shots behind with Mickelson a further stroke behind on his season-debut on the PGA Tour.
I think the challenges are great; we still have a lot of emergency problems to deal with," he said. "Almost all the infrastructure (is) gone there, so the trick is to get the Haitian people back where they can stop living from day-to-day and start living week-to-week or month-to-month."Clinton added, "The leaders there want to build a functioning modern state for the first time."
A skier preparing to take part in the Games at this point in the calendar is not the most sensational news, until it is understood the 31-year-old grew up in Accra, Ghana (where the annual average temperature is around 79 degrees Fahrenheit) and learnt to ski only six years ago on a dry slope.The father of two will compete in two events, the giant slalom and slalom, and is anxious not to be a figure of fun like British ski-jumper Eddie "The Eagle" Edwards, who notoriously captured the headlines at the 1988 Winter Games in Calgary.I don't just want to get down, but ski well and not come at the bottom of the table," he said.
In an interview last July, the 27-year-old told CNN that he was not a conscientious objector, but was refusing to return because he felt the 2001 invasion and subsequent conflict against Taliban militants was not a legitimate use of force. "The situation in Afghanistan and our involvement is further antagonizing the Muslim population of the world," Glenton said. "I think the conflict has become part of the problem, not part of the solution."
A lot of people want him fired.He's been punished appropriately, and I think it's now time for the public to practice what they preach and show a little forgiveness and mercy.Maybe that might be a novel approach."
But after seeing footage of the bodies on CNN, Rouzier had to do something.He asked his welding shop to shape five metal crosses and called Bishop Pierre Andre Dumas to come perform last rites.But for 2,500 Haitians, it was grace.
Somali government officials downplayed the offensive, calling it "small and careless."Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting.The transitional government has struggled to establish authority amid challenges by militants.
He was on the last day of a two-week vacation in Pakistan before he planned to return home to Oldham in northern England.Gunmen barged into Sahil's grandmother's home in the eastern province of Punjab and took him at gunpoint Wednesday.They have reportedly demanded a ransom of 10 million rupees ($118,000).
The bodies were discovered during an operation by Afghan and NATO-led forces in Paktia province, a volatile region along the border of Pakistan.Both the U.S. official and a Paktia province spokesman confirmed that a suicide attacker, apparently wearing police garb, carried out the action.CNN's Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
We would want to be given a little time," Hiro Yuki Yokoyama, Toyota's managing officer, said when reporters asked whether a recall was in the works.The complaints received via our dealers center around when drivers are on a bumpy road or frozen surface," said Paul Nolasco, a Toyota Motor Corp. spokesman in Japan. "CNNMoney's Peter Valdes-Dapena and Kyung Lah contributed to this report.
He noted that the backbone of the force will be made up of some of the 30,000 additional U.S. troops being sent to Afghanistan by President Obama and will include a large contingent of Afghan security forces.The push will follow other big operations in Helmand -- Cobra's Anger in December and Khanjar last summer.CNN's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report
Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander, who made the opening remarks for his party, said Democrats should scrap existing bills passed by the House and Senate and start over on new legislation.Share your reaction to the summit Obama called on Republican and Democratic leaders at the much-publicized summit to "not focus on where we differ, but focus on where we agree."CNN's Dana Bash, Ed Henry, Kristi Keck and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report.
President-elect Barack Obama talks about his economic plan Saturday on a video on his Web site.It is time to act.As the next president of the United States, I will."
Gordon Ramsay has become as successful on television as he has been off-screen.The 42-year old was also forced to review his company's international operations, closing restaurants in Paris, Los Angeles and Prague, The Times newspaper reported. "However Ramsay told the country's Channel Nine Network, which broadcasts Kitchen Nightmares and Hell's Kitchen, that the shows emphasize the "pressures of working in a restaurant kitchen."
We have our Bibles and we are OK."They are being treated well and are holding on to their faith, the Americans said. "CNN's Karl Penhaul, Jill Dougherty and journalist Jessica Desvarieux contributed to this report.
Obama's meeting with Prime Minister Wen Jiabao took place at the Diaoyutai State Guest House, continuing a theme of cooperation between the two nations and development of mutual interests.His day began with a series of short interviews with American television networks.The leaders did not offer a timeframe, however.
CNN: Is it really true that you guys can consume more alcohol than any other band out there on the road?CNN: You grew up with religion at the center of your life.He gets really red in the face after a long bender.
Debate on health care reform has once again become a miserable exhibition of seemingly irreconcilable differences, which President Obama is trying to address in his health care summit.Whether taxpayers help fund an institution is not the main factor for success; rather, it is the integration between delivery and payment that creates an incentive to provide high-value care that keeps members healthy and out of hospitals.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Hwang.
Philadelphia physician Florence Chapman Child left the school $50,000 in her will if they would also agree to take her 150-year-old grandfather clock.6.All rights reserved.
I knew that he was more than this struggle," Gayle Haggard said on CNN's "Larry King Live" while promoting her new book "Why I Stayed." "Certainly on many levels it was devastating to me," Gayle Haggard said of her husband's encounters. "But then I went through this very dark time where I felt like there was nothing good.... But I held on by a thread because I trusted God was going to show me the way through that and he did."
But New Mexico's other senator, Jeff Bingaman, is a Democrat, as is Gov. Bill Richardson, who is running for president, and Democrats are likely to pour a lot of resources into trying to capture Domenici's seat.In Nebraska, former Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns has told friends he will run for retiring Sen. Chuck Hagel's seat.E-mail to a friend
Flanked by about a dozen retired Navy SEALs at a news conference near the Capitol, Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, R-California; Rep. Dan Burton, R-Indiana; and Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, insisted that the U.S. is sending the wrong message to its troops. "In this case, we've turned logic upside down on its head," said Rohrabacher. "Our government is taking the word of a terrorist and attacking our defenders."
Authorities have been looking into reports that Mehsud died after being wounded last month in a drone attack.One news report, citing local sources and a correspondent, said he died and was buried.But Pakistani and U.S. officials said they have not been able to confirm Mehsud's status.
Coleman's mug shot released by the jail showed that he was "not too happy," Harris said.Police did not release details about the previous case related to the arrest warrant.CNN's Alan Duke and Jack Hannah contributed to this report.
Or if it's all favorable, you can go to jail.David Bossie, head of Citizens United and producer of the "Hillary" film, was also behind several conservative documentaries, including a rebuttal to Michael Moore's anti-Bush film "Fahrenheit 9/11."The case is Citizens United v. FEC (08-205).
He was booked under his birth name, Carlos Irwin Estevez.Their twin sons -- Max and Bob -- will have their first birthday in March.CNN's Alan Duke, Brittany Kaplan, Marc Balinsky and journalist Jo Piazza contributed to this report.
They are pulling out shovels, wood and cement to slowly repair and rebuild themselves. "Asked if he's worried that the place could collapse, undermining his backbreaking work, St. Claire responds, "We can't control that.That is up to God."
An Entre dinner party was hosted in a Missouri hunting lodge.Note: This story was accurate when it was published.Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip.
But the Web is bigger than any one site or any one social network.Rescue organizations and charities should simply be able to use the Web sites they already have to deliver those messages.The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anil Dash.
Nobody wants them here."My comment back to them: We've got bad guys right now," the mayor said. "Now, he hopes the town "where George Washington refused the crown" will have a new place in history: the town that sentences the 9/11 mastermind to death.
We are feeling real pain, and we will take real action," said UCSD chancellor Marye Anne Fox told reporters. "The noose incident occurred two weeks after Black History Month was mocked in an off-campus party that was condemned by the school.It's unclear how long the student is suspended for.
You don't know the good people or bad people.In some camps, residents have far worse fears. "CNN's Soledad O'Brien, Rafael Romo, Jason Carroll in Port-au-Prince and Saeed Ahmed in Atlanta contributed to this report.
The explosion took place at a security checkpoint, said Jamshed Akram of the city police.That is why we need a strategy that works on both sides of the border."The United States says Pakistan looms large because Taliban and al Qaeda militants operating in Afghanistan also have had a presence in Pakistan's northwestern region near the Afghan border and have threatened the governments and troops in both countries.
A day earlier, a California judge approved an agreement to donate the brownish-green suit O.J. Simpson wore the day in 1995 that he was acquitted of murder -- if museum officials wanted it.The case involved a botched attempt in September 2007 by Simpson to retrieve items that he said had been stolen from him by memorabilia dealers.CNN's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report.
White House officials say the decision about any possible alternate sites to try Mohammed and the others will come from the Justice Department.What has changed between now and then that would cause people to reverse positions?"CNN's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report.
Sadly, it was nothing new here.The taxi had been smashed by collapsing concrete during the devastating earthquake, and the bodies were decomposing in tropical temperatures, the smell unbearable to the thousands who have temporarily sought shelter under tarpaulins and tents across the street at the Champs de Mars plaza.Interactive map: Where to find aid
The grisly discoveries in Sowell's home have led to the case being called a "house of horrors."Sowell served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape and was released in 2005.He was required to register as a sex offender.
The president used the event to spotlight his call for a $30 billion investment in a new small-business lending fund.Brown's victory stripped Democrats of their 60-seat Senate supermajority and gave Republicans enough votes to block most bills.CNN's Catherine Clifford and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
It's proposed periodically.Until this administration stands up and says 'This is what we will face, and this is what we did, and this is our strategy' -- these things are going to continue to happen," he said.CNN's Dana Bash and Ed Henry contributed to this report.
The physician attending Duggar, Dr. Curtis Lowery of the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, told PEOPLE, "We have every reason at present to expect that mother and baby will proceed with a healthy pregnancy.Mrs. Duggar is in good spirits and feeling much better."© 2010 People and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
We do consider, from the information that have received, that we need an explanation and sanctions to those involved," Foreign Minister Jose Antonio García Belaunde told CNN en Espanol Saturday.Bachelet had made similar assertions.Also last year, the World Court agreed to look at an issue concerning Peruvian claims to a disputed maritime area.
Moore could face more charges, and authorities are looking for other suspects, Gee said.Reporters were at the scene during Moore's arrest Tuesday and she again denied having anything to do with Shakespeare's death as she was led to a police cruiser in handcuffs, WTSP reported. "I'm deeply saddened for his family," Moore said.
When essential institutions are weak or non-existent, corruption spirals out of control and the plundering of public resources feeds insecurity and impunity," the group said.On the other hand, countries that fared well in the survey have oversight to stem corruption.These include a well-performing judiciary, an independent media, and vigorous law enforcement, it said.
Guards opened fire, wounding three of the inmates.All five were captured and the wounded inmates were taken to a hospital, Clark said.CNN's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report.
But Mary Lauterbach and her congressman, Rep. Mike Turner, say the Marines didn't do enough to protect her. "He fled the Camp Lejeune area on January 11.E-mail to a friend
Hotel Erwin overlooks the hopping Venice Beach boardwalk.310/645-0400, customhotel.com, rooms from $95.Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip.
Gaga and Lauper told CNN's "Connect The World" women "need to put their foot down" in the bedroom. "Who knows?You always keep it open."
Those states employing the practice, some argue, will face dire straits in fiscal year 2011 when the stimulus funding runs out. "To date, $35.5 billion of the SFSF allotment has been obligated and $13.2 [billion] is forthcoming," the report added.CNNMoney.com's David Goldman contributed to this report.
But the possibility of further violence loomed as anti-government protesters gathered in a central square, vowing future demonstrations.The U.S. Embassy is calling for calm and restraint.We are working to mediate within both parties."
So in 2001, when Roman was 17 and Sasha 13, they left home for the United States, where, for the second time in their lives, they had to adjust to a new culture and learn a new language.Everything is possible," Zaretsky said. "If you want to be there, you'll be there, so just work hard!"
At the same time, being one of the few who is able to get past the facade feels powerful.The Frisky: 10 things women don't understand about men There are reasons why Draper's wall is so high and impenetrable.TM & © 2009 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Beyonce won a pair of Grammys over Swift, including for best female pop vocal performance.The children appeared after a rousing performance of Michael Jackson's "Earth Song," with a recording of Jackson accompanied by live performances from Celine Dion, Usher, Carrie Underwood, Smokey Robinson and Jennifer Hudson.CNN's KJ Matthews and David Daniels contributed to this report.
The easy, one button recording, perhaps (with the Nano, you need to go to a menu item to open the video camera application), but that's it.Click here!Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
Obama and former President Bill Clinton hit the campaign trail over the past three days in an attempt to save Coakley's campaign, which observers say was hampered by complacency and missteps.Multiple Democratic sources, however, have said they believe that is unlikely now.CNN's Jim Acosta, Dana Bash, Kevin Bohn, Ed Henry, Ed Hornick, John King, Suzanne Malveaux, Shawna Shepherd, Jessica Yellin, Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report.
The Johnson family is mourning their tragic loss and asks for privacy during this very difficult time," a family representative said in a statement on the Jets' Web site. "The entire New York Jets organization is saddened at the news that Casey Johnson... has passed away."CNN's Tim Langmaid and Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report.
Investigators found steroids in the body of pro wrestler Chris Benoit, who killed his family in June.Police have said Benoit, 40, strangled his wife, Nancy, and suffocated Daniel, then placed Bibles next to their bodies before hanging himself on a portable weight machine over the weekend of June 23.E-mail to a friend
Obama conceded there's been a failure on his part to "try to foster better communications even if there's disagreement."The president highlighted what he said was problematic GOP rhetoric on his health care proposals.Friday's meeting, he said, was "the kind of discussion, frankly, that we need to have more of."
The end result of moving out the status quo in favor of new faces is probably the same goal," he said with a laugh.According to party rules, Indiana's 32-member Democratic Central Committee will vote by secret ballot to decide who will run.We need someone like Mellencamp, who's much more tuned to street-level voters."
The sister said she lost sight of Somer in a group of other children leaving the school, according to a police report.Police said in October that witnesses including several children reported seeing her that day on a sidewalk in front of a vacant house that was being renovated following a fire.At Wednesday's hearing, a judge continued Harrell's $1 million bond.
The jury found Siddiqui guilty of seven counts, including attempted murder and armed assault on U.S. officers.We believe that as a result, she was denied a fair trial, and today's verdict must be overturned on appeal."But in May 2004, then-Attorney General John Ashcroft and FBI Director Robert Mueller identified Siddiqui as being among several sought-after al Qaeda members.
Instead, increasing numbers of youths are turning to an herb-based product to get high, and unlike marijuana, it's perfectly legal.Political activist wants K2 banned "Synthetic drugs and herbal drug products like Spice and K2 are not made in a controlled environment and thus you are playing Russian roulette when it comes to these types of products," said Dawn Dearden, a spokeswoman for the DEA, which first began receiving reports about abuse of the substance last year. "She says the agency is in "the preliminary stages of determining whether or not some or all of (synthetic substances) need to be controlled."
NYPD Deputy Commission of Public Information Paul Brown said Campbell left the scene of the alleged assault on Manhattan's East Side on foot.I'm a work in progress Every day is a new day... every day I'm learning something new.But I know I'm taking a step forwards and not backwards."
The UK's Crown Prosecution Service requested that the case against Brian Thomas, who killed wife Christine while they were on vacation in 2008, be dropped due to a "unique set of circumstances."The death of Christine Thomas was thoroughly investigated by Dyfed Powys Police.This was a tragic, tragic episode and we are all very emotional."
The issue has become controversial as the Obama administration tries to overhaul the U.S. health care system and rein in the cost of Medicare.Administration officials want to require competitive bids for items such as wheelchairs.But the American Association for Homecare, which represents many in the durable equipment industry, said the bidding program would reduce patient choice, limit access to home medical care and drive up Medicare costs by requiring more hospital stays.
Deputies made the discovery after a tip came in, suggesting investigators would find a body near a home in Plant City, according to CNN affiliate WFTV.A year later, he won a court challenge from a fellow trucker who accused Shakespeare of snatching the winning ticket out of his wallet while the two were delivering meat to Miami restaurants.Somebody has obviously put him there."
Special Olympics is running a campaign to stop the use of the "R-word."What Obama said on The Tonight Show adds to the discussion that's needed to raise awareness and has proven "an incredibly important and seriously teachable moment," Lum said.From playgrounds to the "top rungs of our leadership, including our president," he said Americans have plenty to talk about and learn when it comes to stereotypes and how words can sting.
The Defense Department leadership is actively working on an implementation plan and the secretary will have more to say about this next week," Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell said on Thursday.The Servicemembers Legal Defense Network, an organization that works with those affected by the "don't ask, don't tell" law, praised Obama's call for repeal. "We very much need a sense of urgency to get this done in 2010," the group said, later adding: "The American public, including conservatives, is overwhelmingly with the commander in chief on this one."
Gabriel Ferez (left) and Laurent Bonomo were graduate biochemistry students at London's Imperial College.Hand-held Sony portable games, mobile phones and credit cards were missing, police said.They were planning to return to France in July.
Information Minister Marie Laurence Lassegue's announcement came shortly after the five men and five women left a hearing at the prosecutor's office.Clearly, there are questions about procedure as to whether they had the appropriate paperwork to move the children," he said Wednesday.CNN's Karl Penhaul in Port-au-Prince, Dan Simon in Meridian, Ohio, and Jill Dougherty in Washington contributed to this report.
We're just trying to cover all our bases," said Scott Wilson, spokesman for the FBI, which is assisting local detectives in the case.After the 11 victims were found, police used thermal imaging in mid-November in an attempt to see whether any additional human remains were on the property, and they dug certain areas by hand.No more were found.
According to Amnesty International, Siddiqui and her three small children were reported apprehended in Karachi, Pakistan, in March 2003, shortly after the FBI issued an alert requesting information about her location.Several reports indicated that Siddiqui was in U.S. custody after her arrest in Karachi.But in May 2004, then-Attorney General John Ashcroft and FBI Director Robert Mueller identified Siddiqui as being among several sought-after al Qaeda members.
The proposal is one of five new recommendations from the president's Middle Class Task Force, which was established one year ago this week.The president is also widely expected to stress middle-class economic themes in Wednesday's State of the Union address.CNN's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report.
The feeling of celebration and resiliency was being carried into the night's closing ceremonies.Canadian figure skater Joannie Rochette -- whose mother died of a heart attack just days before her bronze-medal-winning performances -- was set to carry the nation's flag before thousands in attendance at BC Place.CNN's Steve Almasy contributed to this report.
Obviously, there is no better source for these life lessons than within the annals of celebrity gossip.If you don't believe me, just ask Billy Joel and Katie Lee, Hayden Panettiere and Milo Ventimiglia, Lily Allen and her 45-year-old art dealer ex, or TR Knight and the scandalously younger Mark Cornelsen.TM & © 2010 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau making the L.A. bar scene in "Swingers" back in 1996?You've got to suspect that back home in suburbia, these couples are doomed to live unhappily ever after. "Couples Retreat" is rated PG-13 and runs 107 minutes.
On January 2, Galindo and the girl returned from a trip to Soledad, a town a few miles north of Greenfield, and were interviewed.The Greenfield police statement said arranged marriages between young girls and older men "have become a local problem."Greenfield is about 140 miles southeast of San Francisco.
Many Japanese consider the deer a sacred messenger from the gods, he says, but they would never suggest that people in other parts of the world stop venturing into the woods on a quest for venison, Morishita says. "Because we know nation to nation we have totally different ideas."E-mail to a friend
More than 100 were wounded, the state news agency reported.The U.S. beef industry has lost up to $4 billion since the market closed, according to the U.S. Meat Export Federation.The imports are expected to resume this month.
Jeremy's family have requested that the animal is not harmed, media report. "I've been advised that the child's family that they do not want any adverse action against crocodiles in the Daintree," The Courier Mail reported acting police inspector Jason Smith as saying last week.The Daintree region, in the far north-eastern tip of Australia, is popular with eco-tourists.
Other estimates, he said, put that number at 27 million, although there is no independent confirmation.More than half of them, as much as 60 percent, are females, he said.Nine million to 10 million are forced laborers, and 2 million to 3 million are in sexual slavery, he added.
With cameras rolling, an eight-member carry team wearing battle-dress uniforms and white gloves stood by the flag-draped transfer case carrying Myers, as the chaplain, Maj.Myers' widow was the first to be asked by the military, under a new policy by Defense Secretary Robert Gates, if she wished to have news media at Dover Air Force Base for her husband's final return home.The overriding principle is that decisions about media coverage should be made by those most affected: the families," he said.
At Washington's Reagan National Airport, the morning lines seemed like those of any other day. "Citing excess baggage fees and surcharges for jet fuel, along with delays and flight groundings, AAA spokesman Geoff Sundstrom said it's "not a very friendly environment this decade for the airline industry or the airline traveler."CNN's Taylor Gandossy and Augie Martin contributed to this report.
I assume [Goldberg] regrets saying what she said, but she really didn't say anything that is not under the surface anyway," Weeks said. "Watch a discussion of about Polanski's supporters » Goldberg's fellow panelist, Sherri Shepherd, said during the show that she believed Polanski should still be punished.On Wednesday, the BBC reported that the French government had dropped its public support for the release of Polanski stating that the director "is neither above nor beneath the law."
The ship is currently in the custody of Australia's Maritime Safety Authority in Brisbane, as the investigation into the spill continues.A massive clean-up effort is also under way.So far, 13 oil-covered birds have been recovered, according to the Queensland government.
WFP will roll out food at 16 distribution points across Port-au-Prince, the United Nations agency said.It is the most complex challenge we have ever confronted, but this distribution system will not only allow us to reach more people, it will give us the qualitative step we need to facilitate the delivery of all kinds of humanitarian assistance in the weeks and months to come," WFP Executive Director Josette Sheeran said in a statement from Rome, Italy.CNN's Alec Miran and Moni Basu contributed to this report.
Meanwhile, Juventus moved up a place to fifth, going above Palermo, after a 1-1 draw at home to Lazio.Alessandro del Piero's penalty after 70 minutes looked like giving new coach Alberto Zaccheroni a winning start to his reign.However, Stefano Mauri converted a cross from Mauro Zarate to level matters with just 12 minutes remaining.
I don't know how they do it, how they stay so composed, so strong in the face of such a horrific disaster felt miles away.And through it all, they accept our presence with a dignified grace.I can't imagine them handling it any other way.
The plane crashed about 3.5 kilometers (2 miles) west of the town of Na'ameh, which is 15 kilometers (9 miles) south of Beirut.Government-owned Ethiopian Airlines is one of the largest carriers in Africa, serving Europe and three other continents.CNN's Nada Husseini contributed to this report.
It was 3 or 4 in the morning and I had come home late," said Aneya Fernando, an American who teaches English in Santiago. "I've got to think there have to be some long-term structural issues," he said. "For the time being, I don't think it's going to fall on top of me."
Told Monday that many of the children had living parents, Silsby said during a jailhouse interview, "I did not know that."The number of Haitian orphans taken to the United States after the earthquake -- those whose approval and paperwork had been in the bureaucratic pipeline at the time of the disaster -- is 578, with 44 others awaiting transportation, U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said.CNN's Dan Simon in Meridian, Idaho; Karl Penhaul in Port-au-Prince, Haiti; and Jill Dougherty in Washington contributed to this report.
There's no question that Duprevil was pulled out alive from the rubble of a Port-au-Prince building Tuesday.That man, Wismond Jean-Pierre, had survived on soda found in the hotel shop where he was working at the time of the quake.CNN's Karl Penhaul and Kim Norgaard contributed to this report.
This has been America's worst mining disaster in forty years, and the toll on all West Virginians has been immeasurable, " Obama said of Monday's blast at the Upper Big Branch mine. "There was no way to protect them against this," he said. "You just have to prevent it and make sure it doesn't happen again."
India won the third game by 46 runs to lead the five-match series 2-1.The fourth game will be played in Gwalior on Thursday.E-mail to a friend
Native Americans used sweat lodges in spiritual and physical purification ceremonies.Ray is widely known for programs that claim to teach people how to create wealth from all aspects of their lives -- financially, mentally, physically and spiritually.He has appeared on various national programs in the United States, including CNN's "Larry King Live."
Has anybody out there noticed that the institution of matrimony is falling apart faster than Courtney Love on a can of Red Bull?look like Will and Jada -- I'm not here to judge.TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Whole grain foods are not refined, which means they contain all three parts of the grain, including the two lost in the refining process -- the outer layer, bran, which provides fiber, B vitamins, and antioxidants; and the germ, the nutrient-packed inner portion, containing protein, vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants.Look for the word whole on the ingredient list, followed by the name of the grain.TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
The Taliban leader's status came into question following two drone attacks aimed at him this month.U.S. counterterrorism officials contacted by CNN Sunday could not confirm whether Mehsud is dead or injured.CNN's Kiran Khalid and Pam Benson contributed to this report.
Hannover clinched a vital three points over fellow relegation strugglers Freiburg with a 2-1 away victory as Papiss Demba Cisse put through his own net for the home side after Yacine Abdessadki had equalized Elson's opener for the visitors.In the day's late kick-off Borussia Dortmund kept up the chase for the Europa League with a routine 3-0 home victory over Borussia Monchengladbach.Egypt international Mohamed Zidan, who scored against England during the week, struck twice in the second half after Kevin Grosskreutz had given Dortmund the lead.
The Pan American Health Organization said disabilities can cause significant and long-term economic and mental health problems for earthquake survivors.Prosthetics "need to be changed if the child is growing, if the person gains weight, loses weight."CNN's Ed Payne in Atlanta, Georgia, contributed to this report.
Its flotilla of tenders can be customized to suit the adventure at hand and that includes the seven-seat helicopter with a range of 600 nautical miles."With five decks reserved for guests it commands vast interior and exterior spaces.Frederic Castaignos Web site: yachtcharter-monaco.com www.superyachtworld.com Frances and Michael Howorth contributed to this report.
