Podesta called the new policy "the strictest, the most far-reaching ethics rules of any transition team in history." Corporate lobbyists may have to jockey for attention alongside smaller, grassroots organizations under new ethics rules issued by President-elect Barack Obama's transition team, one analyst says. At the end of the day, we all saved money and lost weight."
Violence against civilians is a strategy of war for all the parties involved in the warfare," said Ellen Beattie, who worked for relief agencies in Colombia for 15 years. " Ecuador is a very weak state. Ecuador is a little guy who gets pushed around by everybody."
My gross income will be reduced by about 75 percent, and that's huge," he said Wednesday. " How long the lake will remain dry is also a question. Like many business owners around Lake Delton, Zowin is seeing canceled reservations from disenchanted visitors who will be spending their summers elsewhere.
When she grows up, she said, she hopes to do "anything to do with art." Her work will be featured on Google's main site for 24 hours on Thursday. Each will receive a laptop computer.
For us Mongolians, the Naadam Festival is what we look forward to all year," said Dashtsogtsol Erdenetuya, who has competed in the Naadam Festival for the past 22 years. " Many of the male athletes who compete in the free style wrestling and judo events in the Olympic Games were once Naadam Festival winners. The Olympics are only now becoming popular in Mongolia and were televised for the first time in the 2004 Games in Athens." "
Visitors of all faiths have picked up the ancient Jewish tradition of leaving a small stone on the headstones to show that a visitor had been to the grave. For years Section 60 has been the one of busiest parts of the cemetery. Section 60 has been called the "saddest acre in America," and without a doubt sadness abounds.
And while the Kremlin has invested in upgrading technical equipment in recent years, facilities are still not well equipped to deal with high levels of chronic conditions such as high blood pressure. Men in Russia have an average life expectancy of just 60 years. In Russia, a country often associated with consumption of mass amounts of vodka, men have an average life expectancy of just 60 years -- one of the lowest in Europe.
-- Four British Coastguard helicopters of the same model as the one that crashed off Canada last week have been grounded in Scotland to replace a gearbox mounting part, and all those models worldwide are expected to be grounded as well. One person survived. This move comes after the Transportation Safety Board of Canada indicated on Friday that the components must be replaced on Sikorsky-92 A helicopters across the globe.
The nature of their job means the men also share a tighter, unspoken bond. " When you come here, it's all about honoring your brothers who are fallen for catching the bad guys, for their service." And -- what they say makes keeping their composure even more important -- the team performs its duties in front of the soldiers' families. "
In his remarks to the students, Obama made a vow that he would not send them to war unless it is "absolutely necessary." " Jack McCain shakes hands with President Obama at Friday's commencement ceremony. John Sidney McCain IV, more commonly known as Jack, on Friday became the fourth McCain to graduate from the Annapolis, Maryland, service academy and the fourth with the same name. "
The Impeccable also turned fire hoses on one of the ships "in order to protect itself," the Pentagon said. China's government accused the ship of violating Chinese and international laws during its patrols, which took place more than 100 miles off the Chinese coast. " The Pentagon has raised concerns about a March 8 incident in which "increasingly aggressive" Chinese ships harassed the Impeccable, an unarmed survey ship with a mostly civilian crew.
Bollywood-produced "Teen Patti" ("Card Game") also marks Kingsley's first return to Indian filmmaking since playing the title role in "Gandhi," the critically-acclaimed biopic of the Indian leader that propelled him to fame in 1982. Ben Kingsely who stars in "Teen Patti" is the first Academy Award-winner ever to take a role in a Bollywood movie. Editor's note: Watch The Screening Room Cannes special on CNN at the following dates and times: Wednesday 27 May: 0730, 1730, Saturday 30 May: 0730, 1800, Sunday 31 May: 0430, 1730, Monday 31 May: 0300 (All times GMT) In the most high-profile amalgamation of Indian and western talent yet, Academy Award-winning actor Ben Kingsley stars with Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan in a drama about a pair of maths geniuses.
Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN that Pakistan "made our point clear" regarding the firefight, which he said began after Indian soldiers crossed the Line of Control that separates Kashmir between India and Pakistan. The meeting took place along the Line of Control. Neha Goyal, told CNN Pakistani troops crossed the Line of Control and "started firing on our patrol," killing an Indian soldier. "
Harper told CNN that he supports Obama's "renewed commitment to Afghanistan" but said he would not recommit any more Canadian troops until there is a clear plan for leaving Afghanistan. " Canadian leader Stephen Harper says he backs President Obama's "renewed commitment to Afghanistan." " The country's parliament has voted to pull them out by 2011.
Police kept order Monday during a march by about 2,000 pro-government groups opposed to the violence in the provinces. It also said the new commission would investigate a reported massacre in the Bolivian state of Pando, where violent clashes killed 30 people last week. The South American leaders also urged dialogue to address disputes in Bolivia.
Currently, the most common means of paying for health care is out of pocket, which WHO says is the "most inequitable method for financing health care services." A world that is greatly out of balance in matters of health is neither stable nor secure," she said in a statement from Almaty, Kazakhstan, where the report was released. When countries at the same level of economic development are compared, those where health care is organized around the tenets of primary health care produce a higher level of health for the same investment," the report says.
Somalia, which is racked by poverty and conflict, has not had a fully functioning government since 1991, when its president was overthrown in Mogadishu, the capital. An estimated one-third of Somalia's population desperately needs emergency aid, the international agency Oxfam said, as donors to Somalia met in Brussels, Belgium. " The combination of security and humanitarian assistance is necessary to curb piracy in the region, which borders the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean, aid groups said.
About 3,500 people live at Camp Ashraf, most of them members of the People's Mujahedin Organization of Iran who have lived at the camp for 24 years after fleeing Iran. About 3,500 people live at Camp Ashraf, where members of the People's Mujahedin have lived for 24 years. The Iraqi government statement denied keeping supplies from Camp Ashraf. "
Kerik is accused of failing to report more than $500,000 in income between 1999 and 2004, said Patricia Haynes, the IRS agent in charge of the case. A trial date has not been set. The indictment also charges that Kerik made several false statements to the White House and other federal officials when he applied for the position as adviser to the Homeland Security Advisory Council, to the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq and in connection with his nomination to be secretary of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
A visit to the Eiffel Tower, the Statue of Liberty and the Pyramids is on the itinerary of most jet-setting travelers. But the 1,267 adults questioned by Virgin Travel Insurance also nominated the best places to visit in the world, with the Treasury in the ancient city of Petra in Jordan topping the list. The Eiffel Tower, Paris; 2.
Bennie Wint told police he faked his drowning death in Daytona Beach, Florida, in 1989. Wint told police he faked his death in Daytona Beach, Florida, because he was "paranoid" about his narcotics-related activity at the time, Weaverville, North Carolina, police Sgt. But "John Doe" finally opened up to Wyatt, admitting he was really Bennie Wint and had been on the run since 1989.
His comments soon after Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he wants closer oversight of Pentagon contractors in Iraq. Security contractors in Iraq use some over-the-top tactics and overreact at times, a top U.S. general in Iraq said Friday. He agreed security contractors in Iraq have taken a lot of criticism, but he said they are in a tough position. "
Starting at $12,990 2009 Honda Civic Hybrid Driving a Toyota Prius is a statement to your friends and neighbors that you're green; driving a Honda Civic Hybrid is living green, pure and simple. The iconic off-roader has been a symbol of freedom, agility and capability for decades. You are what you drive, and when you drive a spunky, youthful vehicle, that's exactly what you are!
Don't forget to call your doctor on the way to the ER When ER doctors hear from a fellow physician, they listen, says Beiser at the University of Chicago. " Don't use an ambulance unless you really need it "There's a myth out there that if you arrive in an ambulance, you'll go straight back to the doctor," Mason says. " Rodriguez died in the emergency room.
Now Chicago and Earth, Wind & Fire are getting on the bandwagon. Chicago and Earth, Wind & Fire team up on the new song "You." Members of Styx, REO Speedwagon and Journey in 2003.
Police hunting for a New Zealand couple who fled the country after a bank mistakenly paid them $NZ10 million (US$6 million) believe they traveled to Hong Kong. New Zealand authorities have sought help from Interpol in locating the couple who disappeared May 7, two days after an employee error at Westpac bank paid them 100 times the amount they asked for. Police said Friday that the couple were believed to have traveled to Hong Kong. "
Americans were asked to take one minute at 3 p.m. Monday to pause and reflect on those who died in battle. " It will help to reclaim Memorial Day as the sacred and noble holiday it was meant to be. Observances included an interruption of Major League Baseball games, the pausing of the National Memorial Day Parade in Washington and the National Grocers Association and Food Marketing Institute asking shoppers to pause in stores nationwide to remember the fallen. "
Cyndi Lauper worked with Cathy Nelson of the Human Rights Campaign to raise awareness of LGBT issues. " Today it has more than 725,000, making it the largest gay and lesbian rights organization in the country. " Throughout her career, singer-songwriter Cyndi Lauper has promoted gay and lesbian rights.
Watch a panel discuss his release » Vick, 28, pleaded guilty in August 2007 to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia. He will serve the last two months of his 23-month sentence in home confinement in Virginia, his publicist Judy Smith said. Former Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick arrived at his home in Hampton, Virginia, on Thursday morning.
Former 'American Idol' runner-up Diana DeGarmo says it's getting harder for the average person to get on the show. But I do think it's a little harder for the everyday Joe to get in it. So it's just about what you are doing at that exact moment up there on the "American Idol" stage.
The men and women buried at Arlington "waged war so that we may know peace," Obama said. " President Obama pays tribute to veterans at a wreath-laying at Arlington National Cemetery on Monday. The president participated at the 141st annual Memorial Day wreath-laying ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery's Tomb of the Unknowns.
The White House -- which less than three weeks ago announced a new diplomatic effort to restart stalled talks with North Korea about its nuclear program -- said the test was in "blatant defiance" of the Security Council. " It had threatened to conduct the test if the U.N. Security Council did not apologize for imposing sanctions on North Korea after it tested a rocket April 5. The U.N. Security Council called an emergency meeting Monday after world leaders reacted with outrage to North Korea's latest nuclear test.
Melissa Huckaby is charged with killing Sandra Cantu and attempted poisoning of second child. If convicted on the murder, rape and kidnapping charges, Huckaby, could face the death penalty or life in prison without parole, authorities said. A revised complaint against Huckaby, 28, of Tracy, California, was made public just hours before she was due back in court on Friday.
Washington's law was approved by about 60 percent of voters in November. A 66-year-old woman with stage 4 pancreatic cancer became the first person to use Washington's assisted suicide law, a nonprofit organization announced Friday. I am a very spiritual person, and it was very important to me to be conscious, clear-minded and alert at the time of my death," she said, according to Compassion & Choices. "
I can tell you, it is not Stacy," Brodsky said. " Drew and Stacy Peterson have been married four years and have two children. E-mail to a friend
The British mother of a child who died after being brutally abused has been jailed indefinitely. Baby P's mum has to serve a minimum of five years. She and her boyfriend cannot be named.
Thousands of panicked people streamed into the streets as stopped cars snarled traffic. People in Mexico City stream into the street as a magnitude 5.7 earthquake hits. Parts of the city were without electricity Friday afternoon but there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
Ahmed told local journalists that he feared these foreign fighters would turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan, where U.S.-led forces are fighting Islamic extremist groups. Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed was recently appointed Somalia's transitional president. " I am calling on the international community to help Somalia defend against foreign militants who have invaded the country," President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed said.
Watch the victory parade » Sri Lanka's government declared victory Tuesday in the country's 25-year civil war against the Tamil Tiger rebels. Enthusiastic revelers danced in the street, carried yellow and red flags and some even carried hand-crafted puppets depicting the dead body of the leader of the rebel Tamil Tigers. -- The deafening roar of drums and horns rose as thousands of people took to the streets in Sri Lanka Friday for a victory parade marking the end of the decades-long civil war.
The U.N. estimates that 1.5 million people in Darfur are dependent on healthcare support, 1.1 million need regular food aid, and another 1 million are in need of clean drinking water. The information was gathered from March 11-18 in hopes of stemming further troubles in Darfur after Sudan's government expelled 13 international relief organizations from the wartorn region. Holmes denied those allegations, saying they remain unfounded. "
Women seem to be cleaning their closets of their most luxurious items," said Nell. " Such bargains may not be haute couture, but during a recession they are a thrifty shopper's dream. It's not just the bread and butter or staples of their wardrobe anymore."
She is Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic speaker of the House of Representatives, the most powerful woman in Washington and lately, a target for Republicans. Obama is still remarkably popular. Pelosi is easy to spot in any crowd of U.S. politicians; she's the small brown-haired woman in the smartly tailored suit.
Ten years ago, Medicare made it a bit easier for physicians to receive payments for house calls by modifying the way doctors bill for their procedures. According to a recent article in the Clinics of Geriatric Medicine, home visits by doctors dropped from 40 percent of physician encounters in 1930 to 10 percent by 1950; by 1980 home visits represented less than 1 percent of physician encounters. That's very important."
Gingrey got the State Department involved in expediting visas for Pascual and Maria Gonzalez, Juan's parents. Delta Air Lines donated tickets to Atlanta, and the Gonzalezes boarded a plane for the first time, bound for Georgia to see their dying son. Now, after traveling thousands of miles for more than two weeks to make a better life for his family and himself, Gonzalez faces his final fight, but it's one he will face with his family, thanks to the kindness of others.
For the first time in three decades, a single party -- the Indian National Congress -- was given a clear and large mandate. 420 million people voted. Zakaria: I think so.
The victims' damaged boat was partially submerged under the barge, he said. The accident occurred Wednesday night in the Falgout Canal in Dularge, Louisiana, Sheriff Vernon Bourgeois said. The barge was slightly damaged, he said.
About 250,000 to 300,000 people are refugees in the country, according to humanitarian groups and U.N. figures. I have traveled around the world and visited similar places, but this is by far the most appalling scenes I have seen," he said. Ban toured Manik Farm, a sprawling camp for internally displaced people in the country's north, days after Sri Lanka declared victory in a 25-year civil war against the Tamil Tigers rebels.
Clarence Darrow A moussed, tousled brown hairstyle is murder trial defendant Phil Spector's latest look. Spector, a diminutive aging hipster who invented the "Wall of Sound" and worked with the Beatles and Ike and Tina Turner, is accused of second-degree murder. It could prove to be a controversial idea.
However, the mountain is deadly for many climbers: More than 200 people have died trying to scale Everest. But last year I climbed to raise funds for a school in Thame, my village on the foot of Everest." His SuperSherpas team has raised $30,000 to educate the children of Nepal, and Apa hopes that his climbing successes will continue to raise more money for the impoverished Himalayan country. "
Hughes, 47, was unmarried with no children of his own and had until recently been a marine biologist at the University of Alaska Fairbanks. Poets Ted Hughes and Sylvia Plath had separated before their son's first birthday. Hughes appears in both of his parents' poetry.
Shock followed sadness with news that a 10-year-old boy was being charged with arson and murder, more heartbreak for a town in tough times -- but heartbreak that shook people into action. The community wanted to help in any way it could, salon manager Hughes said. E-mail to a friend
The charges are not related to his leadership role in Interpol. Mbeki denied that he had been too slow in dealing with the fallout from the charges. " On Saturday, South African President Thabo Mbeki told a news conference in Pretoria, South Africa, that Selebi had been given an "extended leave of absence" from his police duties, but that he was not being sacked.
Participating ships are patrolling more than a million square miles of water, an area about four times the size of Texas, Navy officials have said. A Yemeni Coast Guard boat patrols the Gulf of Aden for pirates who threaten shipping. The United States is spearheading an international naval task force in the waters off Somalia that launched in February after a rash of attacks.
Former Vice President Dick Cheney said he thought he already had. Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh said Powell should leave the party. He's more popular than Dick Cheney and Rush Limbaugh combined.
Christopher Coleman has pleaded not guilty in the triple homicide police say took place early in the morning on May 5 in the family home in the small southwestern Illinois city of Columbia. " Lawyers in the civil suit also allege that in the period between the killings and his arrest, Coleman removed personal property from the home. Coleman remains in jail after a judge denied bond.
Climate change could increase flooding in coastal areas, like the flooding that hit the Philippines. Global warming could destabilize "struggling and poor" countries around the world, prompting mass migrations and creating breeding grounds for terrorists, the chairman of the National Intelligence Council told Congress on Wednesday. The conditions exacerbated by the effects of climate change could increase the pool of potential recruits into terrorist activity," he said. "
Atlantis launched May 11 for NASA's final repair visit to the Hubble Space Telescope. The shuttle touched down at 8:39 a.m. PT at Edwards, about 100 miles north of Los Angeles, California. The space shuttle Atlantis touches down at Edwards AFB on Sunday.
About 100 people were in the church when the bomb exploded, police said. Investigations are under way to determine who planted the bomb, which damaged the church. The explosion in the Nepalese capital killed a 15-year-old girl and a 30-year-old woman. "
Nothing about Young's childhood ever made him think he could be the mayor of Philadelphia, Mississippi, the town best known for the killings of three civil rights workers in 1964. When you've been treated the way we've been treated," he told CNN, choking up and then pausing to wipe the tears from his face. Despite a 55 percent white majority, Young defeated Rayburn Waddell, a white, three-term incumbent, by the slim margin of 46 votes.
In 2008, pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 off Somalia, according to the International Maritime Bureau. A pair of small pirate vessels fired on a ship operated by Mitsui O.S.K. Lines about 4 p.m. Somali time (9 a.m. ET), damaging the front of the ship, but not seriously, according to Masami Suekado. Pirates attacked a Japanese cargo ship off the coast of Somalia on Sunday, a Japanese Transportation Ministry official said.
The Palme d'Or is the best prize a filmmaker can win," said Haneke at a press conference following his award. " The White Ribbon," by Austrian director Michael Haneke, was awarded the prize for its depiction of the cruel punishments meted out at a rural German school before the First World War. " Austrian director Michael Haneke hugs the president of the Cannes jury, French actress Isabelle Huppert. "
I want to fulfill my dream of building 500 play parks in Russia. Moscow is a huge inspiration for me. I love what I find here, I love being here.
Frank -- who left Brown after one year in the late 1930s because he couldn't afford to stay -- gave the school a $100 million endowment in 2004. Sidney Frank, shown accepting an honorary degree in 2005, gave $100 million to Brown University. Sidney Frank made millions marketing Jagermeister and other alcohol brands.
Toulouse striker Andre-Pierre Gignac has been handed his first call-up to the France squad for their two World Cup qualifiers against Lithuania. Gignac has been rewarded for his superb form this season with a first call-up to the France squad. There is also no place in the squad for captain Patrick Vieira, who has struggled to find his best form for Inter Milan this season.
Pele has denied saying that Manchester City striker Robinho had taken drugs. The Brazilian legend was quoted as saying that Robinho and former world footballer of the year Ronaldo used recreational drugs at a private party in Sao Paolo. His answer was distorted.
Supporters of November ballot initiative Proposition 8 hailed the ruling, but about 1,000 advocates of same-sex marriages who gathered outside the court building in San Francisco met the 6-1 decision with chants of "Shame on you." California's highest court upheld a voter-approved ban on same-sex marriages Tuesday but allowed about 18,000 unions performed before the ban to remain valid. Following the ruling, supporters of same-sex marriage took to the streets to protest.
Bergrin was an assistant U.S. attorney in New Jersey before going into private practice. Former federal prosecutor Paul Bergrin is charged with leading a racketeering conspiracy that included a murder. The indictment charges Bergrin with leading a racketeering conspiracy that included the murder of a witness in a drug case and an attempt to hire a hit man in another drug case, the statement said.
Barters Clubs boomed in Argentina following the country's 2001 economic meltdown when jobs, security and cash were scarce. Think about it," he says. She lost her job at a clothing factory last year, and has been going to the barter club every week since January -- often with her six-month-old daughter, Antonella, in tow. "
Government auditors examined hundreds of allegations of abuse, the GAO report said. Committee Chairman Rep. George Miller, D-California, called the testimony "startling." " The House Committee on Education and Labor heard testimony Tuesday on a report looking at school abuse.
The Seoul summit is the third conference by cities held to discuss responses to climate change. Representing around 600 million people worldwide, mayors and policymakers in Seoul have the ability to make a difference with climate change policies, the former U.S. president added. The C40 group was established in London in 2005.
If the father got a longer sentence, it's because he's a lousy father. ... Authorities agree. Alterman is a defense attorney in suburban Atlanta, Georgia.
About 100 people were in the church when the bomb exploded, police said. Investigations are under way to determine who planted the bomb, which damaged the church. The explosion in the Nepalese capital killed a 15-year-old girl and a 30-year-old woman. "
About 375 million EU citizens aged 18 or over are entitled to vote. About 375 million EU citizens aged 18 or over are entitled to vote in the election of the parliament members for a five-year term. Much legislation in member states actually originates at a European level.
Cyclone Aila struck eastern India, causing an estimated $8 million damage in one district alone. CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this story. In India, the number of storm-related deaths climbed to 69 Wednesday, according to an emergency official.
Now 66, Sly Stone is talking to interviewers again and sometimes taking the stage at Los Angeles clubs with Novena and her group, BabyStone. " Sly Stone sometimes takes the stage at Los Angeles clubs with daughter Novena and her group, BabyStone. That's what brings Sly out."
The partners in his new hotel venture ooze rock credential: Iron Maiden co-managers Rod Smallwood and Andy Taylor. Rod Smallwood is confident the concept will work. " I ask. "
Kai Anderson has a rare form of leukemia. Kai has a rare form of leukemia. Campbell Brown
Marks & Spencer gave in to campaigners who argued that the higher prices of the bigger bras was unfair. Marks & Spencer is a stalwart British chain, known for classic wardrobe staples and low prices. Marks & Spencer have apologised for charging chesty women more for bras. "
Watch a panel discuss his release » Vick, 28, pleaded guilty in August 2007 to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia. He will serve the last two months of his 23-month sentence in home confinement in Virginia, his publicist Judy Smith said. Former Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick arrived at his home in Hampton, Virginia, on Thursday morning.
The Communication Decency Act protects Web sites like Craigslist from being held criminally liable for the actions of its users, Zimmerman said, who added that Craigslist has no legal obligation to even review ads before they go online. Craigslist says it has removed prostitution ads, but some issues remain. Yet, the site has been unable to block every solicitation for sex.
She was born in the Bronx and grew up in a public housing project, not too far from the stadium of her favorite team -- the New York Yankees. The liberal-leaning justice was named a district judge by President George H.W. Bush in 1992 and was elevated to her current seat by President Clinton. I hope that as the Senate and American people learn more about me, they will see that I am an ordinary person who has been blessed with extraordinary opportunities and experiences.
He is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of Sheri Coleman, 31, and sons Garett, 11, and Gavin, 9. A southwest Illinois man accused of strangling his wife and two young sons appeared in court Wednesday and pleaded not guilty to murder charges, officials said. Their bodies were found May 5 in the bedrooms of the Coleman's two-story home in Columbia, Illinois, a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri.
If confirmed, Sonia Sotomayor would be the sixth Catholic justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. The five current Catholic justices were appointed by Republican presidents, which Perry notes may be a key reason why so many Catholics have joined the high court in recent years. " However, Donohue expects a Justice Sotomayor to lean more left than her fellow Catholics on the court.
Pushpa Kamal Dahal, the Maoist chairman, resigned as prime minister May 4 after the president overturned the Cabinet's decision to sack the army chief. Nepal, 56, is a former general secretary of the Communist Party, but had resigned after the party made a poor showing last year against another Communist movement. Madhav Kumar Nepal of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) was the only person to serve as a candidate for the post after he received backing from more than 20 of the 25 parties in parliament.
Juan Carlos, the King of Spain, pictured on board his 52-foot racing yacht But, this month CNN's MainSail program has been lucky enough to go on board Juan Carlos I -- the King of Spain's racing yacht. Video: See on board the King of Spain's yacht » Triay, who has been sailing for the King of Spain for over 20 years, said the boat contains all of the best modern electronic and sailing equipment. The 52ft vessel is raced by a crew of 15 people and has competed in some of the world's most popular yacht racing series, racing alongside the very cream of the world's sailing talent.
Beijing artist Yue Minjun's painting, inspired by the bloody crackdown on Tiananmen Square in 1989, sold for 2.9 million pounds ($5.9 million) Friday night in London. He put "Execution" in a box, shipped it out of Hong Kong to London. " Simon left the painting in a box in the warehouse and never brought it out or hung it up, despite having other work elsewhere in his house.
In today's culture, Latinos are marginalized and demonized and feared. Michael Olivas says Sonia Sotomayor's nomination affirms that Latinos matter in America. And to make their way to such a short list, all have the combination of personal and professional lives that warrant their consideration.
He was reputed to wear a cyanide capsule around his neck -- to swallow rather than risk capture. Who is Prabhakaran? Who are the Tamils?
American consumers are mostly unfamiliar with the time needed to process checks and money orders, say consumer watchdogs. A Consumer Federation of America survey estimates that 1.3 million Americans have been the victim of a fake check scam, with an average loss of $3,000 to $4,000 per consumer. What happened to Smith is one example of a wide range of fake check scams carried out in the United States every year.
Opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi took the stand for the first time Tuesday and told a Myanmar court that she did not violate her house arrest when she offered temporary shelter to an American man who swam to her lakeside home. Before the proceedings got under way at the Insean Prison compound Tuesday, the junta said Suu Kyi's house arrest did not expire for six more months. The government said Yettaw's presence violated the conditions of Suu Kyi's house arrest.
The decommissioned warship was scuttled in the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary between 10:20 a.m. and 10:30 a.m. ET to become the world's second-largest artificial coral reef. The USNS Vandenberg was intentionally sunk Wednesday to create an artificial reef for marine life. It was commissioned as a World War II troop transport ship.
You wouldn't hesitate to seek medical attention for a physical injury or wound; don't hesitate to seek medical attention for a psychological injury." Fort Campbell's suicide rate, the highest in the Army, "is not a good statistic," he said in remarks to one of four divisions he addressed during the day. Gen. Stephen J. Townsend told his forces. "
Industry analysts say the decision is a simple matter of dollars and cents: GM is now the third-biggest car manufacturer in China, which has recently overtaken the U.S. as the world's largest car market. " Of particular concern are plans to build cars for the U.S. market in China after thousands of GM workers were laid off at U.S. plants. " Do we really want the United States of America to export its auto industry paid for by the taxpayer, and un-employ workers to a dictatorship to a country like China?"
-- A history of childhood abuse and use of a provocative online identity increase the risk that girls will be victimized by someone they meet on the Internet, according to a study appearing in the June issue of Pediatrics. The authors say there was no direct link between abuse and offline encounters, but that a history of abuse puts girls at greater risk. Those two factors pose a greater risk to adolescents than perhaps more traditionally considered risks, such as Internet naivete and sexual innocence, the study says.
Christie's auctioned this nude photo of Madonna (partially shown) taken by Lee Friedlander for $37,500. A nude photograph of pop singer Madonna was sold for $37,500 Thursday afternoon at a Christie's Art House auction. The 13-inch by 8 5/8-inch framed photograph was purchased by an anonymous bidder over the phone.
Ben Stiller and Amy Adams size up a bobble-head Albert Einstein in the "Night at the Museum" sequel. Released in 2006, "Night at the Museum" was a family popcorn extravaganza that touched a chord even its producers may not have anticipated. And they give you a lift.
Ted Epperly says recruiting more primary care doctors would improve access to quality health care. This is why we need more primary care physicians. We need more primary care physicians now and we will need even more in the future as the baby boom generation ages.
They have two children together, son Junior, 3, and 1-year-old daughter Princess Tiáamii. British model and television personality Katie Price, also known as Jordan, and her singer husband, Peter Andre, are to separate, according to a statement released Monday. which was filmed in the Australian jungle.
Italian giants Juventus have completed the signing of Brazil playmaker Diego from German Bundesliga club Werder Bremen in a $34 million deal. Last week, Juventus announced that Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro is rejoining them after three years at Real Madrid. Brazil playmaker Diego, right, has completed his $34 million move to Juventus from Werder Bremen.
Switzerland's Massimo Busacca has been selected to referee Wednesday's Champions League final between Barcelona and Manchester United in Rome on Wednesday -- UEFA have confirmed on their official Web site UEFA.com Massimo Busacca refereed the 2007 UEFA Cup and one of the semifinals from Euro 2008. Meanwhile, authorities in Rome have enforced a blanket ban on the sale of alcohol as they attempt to stave off the threat of trouble between 67,000 Barcelona and Manchester United fans. Among the top club matches he has overseen are this year's Champions League quarterfinal second leg between Porto and Manchester United and the 2007 UEFA Cup final between Sevilla and Espanyol in Glasgow.
Jose Mourinho has extended his contract at Serie A champions Inter Milan by 12 months until June 2012, killing off speculation that he could be on his way to Real Madrid. Coach Mourinho has signed an extended deal ending fears he could wave goodbye to Inter Milan. I repeat, I am closer to staying at Inter than going elsewhere."
Bharti Enterprises chairman and group chief executive officer Sunil Bharti Mittal in New Delhi in November Such a merger would create an operator with combined revenues of over $20 billion and a combined customer base of over 200 million, according to both companies. Under the potential deal, Bharti would acquire a 49 percent stake in MTN, and MTN and its shareholders would take an approximate 36 percent interest in Bharti. MTN CEO Phuthuma Nhleko called the case for such a deal "highly compelling," saying, a merged company would have "leading positions in three of the fastest growing wireless markets globally -- India, Africa and the Middle East, with no overlapping footprint."
He is a great French director, one of the pioneers of the French New Wave." " French actress Ludivine Sagnier stars in veteran New Wave filmmaker Claude Chabrol's "The Girl Cut in Two." In "The Girl Cut in Two," veteran French filmmaker Claude Chabrol tells the story of one young woman for whom just the opposite is true.
Conceived by Yngve Bergqvist, a river-rafting guide who wanted to lure visitors to the Arctic north during the winter, the Icehotel started out in 1990 as nothing more than a crude igloo. Almost. Exceedingly.
Thousands of panicked people streamed into the streets as stopped cars snarled traffic. People in Mexico City stream into the street as a magnitude 5.7 earthquake hits. Parts of the city were without electricity Friday afternoon but there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
It has been nearly 20 years since Poland's Solidarity movement defeated the Communist Party in an historic election that prompted the fall of communism across central and eastern Europe. CNN International marks this significant anniversary with "The New Poland," a week of programming examining the transformation of Poland from 1989 to where it sits today on the world stage. The combination of daily live programming and special reports from CNN correspondents in cities across Poland culminates June 4 with "Autumn of Change, an in-depth documentary that takes a retrospective look at the events leading up to the election exactly 20 years ago.
Fifteen years after his death, and after his family fought a very long bureaucratic battle with the government, Enrique Valdez's name was added to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. His name was added to the registry after the Department of Defense declared he was eligible because he died from his war injuries. Watch Gunnery Sgt.
File image shows Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta fighters. Nigeria's military has been clearing the western Niger Delta region in a major operation against MEND. A militant group operating in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria said Monday that it had destroyed several major oil pipelines in response to a military offensive.
He says newspapers sell better at train stations than from the street machines he services. There'll be printed newspapers for years and years" said Kaspar, president of a company that is actually part of the larger Kaspar Wireworks. Extra!
President Obama is expected to announce Friday the creation of the position of cyber czar, a person who will coordinate the nation's efforts to protect government and private computer systems from hackers, criminal gangs, terrorists and spies, people familiar with the plan said Thursday. In addition, the White House will release a 40-page report that sets broad goals for combating cyber intrusions, but does not spell out in detail how to do so, said the sources, who would not agree to be identified because the report has not been released. she asked.
The most dramatic coastline is along the drive to the medieval fortress town of Lagos. ( The Douro River flows out of Spain into a deep valley stepped with some of Europe's oldest vine terraces. A rugged Moorish castle tops the skyline, and the streets are lined with baroque churches and Gaudíesque art nouveau buildings.
The scene of an apparent suicide car bomb attack on a police building in Lahore on May 27. At least 50 people were thought to have been inside the two-story building at the time, said police spokesman Ray Nazar Hayat. The morning attack in Lahore -- Pakistan's second-largest city -- also wounded more than 250 people, most of them police officers and staffers, authorities said.
Alan Aviles, the president and CEO of Health and Hospital Corp., said in a written statement that the company -- which operates Kings County Hospital, where Esmin Green, 49, died last year -- takes full responsibility for her death and offers a "full apology." That remains priceless." Surveillance video shows Esmin Green on the hospital floor for more than an hour before anyone helps her.
The boyish Rybak -- who performed a self-composed tune, "Fairytale," with some deft dance steps and a smile plastered on his face -- won with 387 points, the most in the contest's 53-year history, organizers said. Earlier police arrested dozens of gay and lesbian rights activists who were planning a rally to coincide with the contest. A television audience estimated at more than 100 million people watch the show.
I helped to destroy a family and end the lives of four of my fellow human beings, and I wish that I could take it back, but I cannot," Green said, reading a statement at a victim impact hearing. " Former U.S. soldier Steven Green got life in prison after being convicted of murdering four Iraqis. A jury could not reach a unanimous decision on the death penalty, which means the judge is required under law to impose a sentence of life in prison without the possibility of parole.
South Koreans poured into the streets to catch a glimpse of the black Cadillac making a five-and-a-half hour journey from Roh's home in the village of Bongha to the capital. Roh, who served between 2003 and 2008, jumped from a hill behind his house last Saturday, government officials said. Following the official ceremony, Roh's body will be taken to the plaza in front of Seoul's city hall, where large crowds are expected to say goodbye to a beloved leader.
Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kansas, said Thursday he does not plan to vote to confirm Sotomayor, becoming the first Republican to explicitly state his opposition. " Sotomayor will go to Capitol Hill as early as Tuesday to meet with senators who will vote on her confirmation. If there are no otherwise disqualifying matters here, it appears to me she will probably be confirmed," Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah said.
Some economists predict the drop will increase by year's end to 20 percent. After oil exports, remittances are Mexico's second-largest source of foreign currency. But last week he sent nothing. "
He will not walk through grass. He will not walk through dirt," Bailey said. If they've got money, they can buy coolness," Curtis said.
Japan's GDP fell 4 percent last quarter, the fastest pace on record, the government said on Wednesday. This was the fourth straight quarter the Japanese economy contracted. The January-March quarter for Japan was 15.4 percent lower than the same time period last year, according to figures released by the Cabinet Office.
If confirmed, it would be the ninth U.S. fatality associated with the flu outbreak. The death in Utah was the first associated with the swine flu, or H1N1, virus. A Utah man with chronic health problems died Wednesday from complications associated with swine flu, a local health official said.
South Korean and U.S. forces have been placed on a higher surveillance alert level, after North Korea threatened military action following its nuclear test earlier this week, the joint forces announced on Thursday. On Wednesday, the country threatened military action after South Korea joined a U.S.-led effort to limit the trafficking of weapons of mass destruction. South Korean soldiers use binoculars to look at North Korea on Wednesday in Paju, South Korea.
-- Maria Sharapova stepped up her comeback after injury to claim the scalp of 11th seed Nadia Pedrova to reach the third round of the French Open in Paris on Wednesday. World number one Dinara Safina also impressed with a 6-1 6-1 win over fellow Russian Vitalia Diatchenko. Sealed with a kiss.
Ahmed told local journalists that he feared these foreign fighters would turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan, where U.S.-led forces are fighting Islamic extremist groups. Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed was recently appointed Somalia's transitional president. " I am calling on the international community to help Somalia defend against foreign militants who have invaded the country," President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed said.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, nearly 39 million Americans over the age of 18 have a bachelor's degree. Use all of your education to your advantage. Ask their parents and you'll get just as many different answers.
The American Cancer Society estimates that in 2009 there will be more than 1 million unreported cases of basal cell and squamous cell skin cancer -- most of them curable -- and that more than 68,000 cases of melanoma will be diagnosed. Like Wilson, many people of color often mistakenly believe skin cancer is not something they should be worried about. All types of skin cancer are increasing among blacks and Hispanics, and their melanomas are more often fatal because they are usually caught later, according to the American Academy of Dermatology.
A Florida man arrested with his wife on anabolic steroid possession charges claimed to have sold steroids to professional hockey and baseball players in the District of Columbia, but the National Hockey League and Washington Capitals said Wednesday they doubted the allegation. Richard Thomas told us that he sold steroids to ballplayers on those teams," Judd said after the arrests late Tuesday night. " The arrest report says Richard Thomas told officers he was "the biggest steroids dealer in central Florida."
The North Korean government says it will launch a commercial satellite atop a rocket sometime between April 4 and April 8. " U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Sunday there is little doubt that the planned launch is designed to bolster that country's military capability. It's very troubling.
To make that happen, the National Park Service says it needs to start construction this November for a ribbon-cutting ceremony on September 11, 2011. White's cousin, Louis Nacke, was killed on United Flight 93. The National Park Service says time is running out if the memorial is to be ready by September 11, 2011, the 10-year anniversary of the terrorist attacks.
Financially strapped General Motors is expected to announce as soon as Monday that it is filing for bankruptcy. " The German government will provide a bridge loan to keep GM Europe operating in the short term. General Motors has around 55,000 employees in Europe.
The Mexican navy said Wednesday that it rescued five Ecuadorians who had been adrift without supplies in a fishing boat for more than two weeks off the coast of the southern state of Chiapas. Mexican medical personel examine two of five Ecuadorians rescued at sea. The Mexican navy dispatched a helicopter, which located the 15-meter-long (49-foot-long) vessel and carried out the rescue by air, the navy said in a news release.
Health.com: How to eat out without getting fat The study found that NFL athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other men-- regardless of the size of the player or his position. " Health.com: 20 little ways to lose drop the pounds and keep them off They found that players were less likely to smoke or have blood-sugar problems than other men (only 6.7 percent of players had impaired fasting glucose compared to 15.5 percent of other men) and their cholesterol levels were essentially the same. In the study, Tucker, who is the cochair of the NFL subcommittee on cardiovascular health, and his colleagues looked at 504 active players from 12 teams in 2007.
But along with bravery about their fashion sense, new graduates at the Savannah College of Art and Design (SCAD) will need courage in the face of the current recession. " Designer Yigal Azrouël talks with students at the Savannah College of Art and Design. " Fashion is being hit particularly hard in the new job market.
Gunmen on motorcycles fired Friday on a campaign office for President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, wounding two adults and a child, according to a report by Iran's state-run news agency. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was not present at the time of the attack. Azad said information on the arrested terrorist group would be unveiled to the public once interrogations were complete. "
He says newspapers sell better at train stations than from the street machines he services. There'll be printed newspapers for years and years" said Kaspar, president of a company that is actually part of the larger Kaspar Wireworks. Extra!
In the research we've done working with the transition team, we know that $30 billion could create 1 million jobs in the next 12 months," IBM CEO Sam Palmisano said in January. For that reason, he said, "you really do need the American public to sort of stand up and say, 'Wait a second. This is just not right.' ...
His organization has made an emergency appeal for people to donate 1 million rand (about $135,000) to help support the estimated 13,000 who have fled their homes. Many of the victims are Zimbabweans who have fled repression and dire economic circumstances in their homeland. South African police have arrested more than 200 people in connection with the violence for offenses including rape, murder, robbery and theft.
I think he was probably one of the most original and one of the most -- seriously, one of the best singers that's been on "American Idol". He's been probably the most consistent performer this year, and just overall probably one of the best performers that's ever been on the "Idol" stage. I knew it was going to be a close race.
Watch Armstrong's crash » Armstrong announced last year that he was returning to competitive biking and would use the Spanish race as a warm-up for the Tour de France, which he won seven times before retiring in 2005. That should keep things together," he said. " Cyclist Lance Armstrong said Thursday the surgery to repair his broken collarbone proved to be more complex than doctors originally anticipated and that he will take his recovery "day by day."
The officers involved have been placed on administrative duties while the shooting is investigated. -- A police officer chasing a theft suspect was fatally shot Thursday night by another officer after he failed to drop his weapon when ordered to, authorities said. Authorities said Officer Omar Edwards, 25, was shot three times.
Internet sensation Susan Boyle came up short, coming in second during "Britain's Got Talent" finale on Saturday. Fans cheering on Susan Boyle react after she comes in second during "Britain's Got Talent." You really are."
Gilbert said there are at least two persons of interest authorities have focused on and both were acquainted with Kathy Gloddy and her family. It was a typical November day in 1971 when an eighth-grader left her house in a sleepy New Hampshire town with her pet dog, Tasha, in tow. Kathy Gloddy was found murdered a mile from where she was last seen.
Read the full report on WHIO Northeast: Grant money used to train veterans Pennsylvania is providing $311,000 to train 80 unemployed veterans in the field of welding. The company expects to hire 100 new employees. A new Wal-Mart in Owasso, Oklahoma, is expected to hire 100 people, Tulsa's KOTV-TV reports.
Thomas the Tank Engine is part of a new online game to help autistic children recognize different emotions. The game asks players to recognize which engine has a sad face, or which is happy or angry. Children with autism often have a difficult time distinguishing different facial expressions.
The American Medical Association Alliance has been trying to get movie studios to make smoking-free films. Any movie with smoking should be rated R," he said. " The American Medical Association Alliance, pointing to research that big-screen smoking leads teens to pick up the tobacco habit, called for an R rating for any movie with smoking scenes.
That was one of two Grammy Awards won by Spector, who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989. Phil Spector's first murder trial in 2007 ended in a mistrial as jurors said they couldn't reach a verdict. Clarkson, 40, was found dead -- slumped in a chair in the foyer of Spector's Alhambra, California, mansion with a gunshot wound through the roof of her mouth -- in February 2003.
Mayor Franklin's spokesperson issued this statement to CNN: "We are aware of the complaints of the five injured former Atlanta police officers. It's no wonder he got upset," Phinney said. The police union complained for months about the company.
Ten people were also injured in the incident in the town of Ogbo, where the driver was subsequently arrested, a Port Harcourt Police spokesperson said. " -- A man "angered" by Manchester United's defeat to Barcelona in the final of the Champions League killed four people when he drove a minibus into a crowd celebrating the Spanish side's victory, police in Nigeria have told CNN. Barcelona fans celebrate in the city's Las Ramblas thoroughfare early Thursday morning.
She got most of her possessions from the plane back -- a coat, a pair of gloves and her cash are still missing -- and the items in the boxes seem in pretty good shape. Leonard was seated at the front of US Airways Flight 1549, and when pilot Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger amazingly landed the plane in the river, Leonard left everything he had behind and dove into the frigid water. It brought back memories of the landing in the river and made her thankful to be alive. "
Scouts renewed their promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society. The small gathering at Brownsea Island led the rest of the globe in renewing their Scouting promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society. E-mail to a friend
This year, Teach For America will place its largest corps ever. Teach For America is like a local Peace Corps serving some of the country's poorest public schools in inner cities and in rural areas. David Stanley went through the program and now recruits for Teach For America.
Obama made clear he wanted to pick a justice who would have empathy for those whose cases come before the court. Her writings should reflect the view that access to the marketplace is a constitutional guarantee no less important than freedoms of speech, religion or assembly. Obama's nomination of the first Latina to the Supreme Court is a historic moment that has moved each of us, but our pride will be fleeting if she doesn't really share Hispanic values.
Frankly, I am not so sure that if we hadn't married, she'd have voted for me," he joked of his wife, who was raised in a Democratic family. Bush said he wasn't surprised to lose public support for some of the main elements of his national security agenda. " I didn't.
Most of them are heading to the Afgooye corridor, a 30-kilometer (19-mile) stretch of ramshackle housing described by the United Nations' World Food Program as "a nightmare." Fighting between government forces and Islamist militias has triggered the flight of more than 67,000 Somalis in and around Mogadishu since May 8, the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday. Ahmed told local journalists Monday that he feared these foreign fighters would turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan, where U.S.-led forces are fighting Islamic extremist groups.
The Telectroscope lets Londoners and New Yorkers see each other in real time. Stopped. And waved.
Yet nowadays Wojciech Jaruzelski, the last leader of communist Poland, and Lech Walesa both claim, in their different ways, to have played their part in setting Poland on the path to democracy. Both men pay tribute to outside forces which made the leap to democracy possible. Still, a large part of the society -- the majority, I think -- considers martial law to have been inevitable and justified."
Kavya Shivashankar of Olathe, Kansas, reacts to winning the Scripps National Spelling Bee on Thursday night. " The eighth-grader won $40,000 in cash and prizes for nailing the final word, "Laodicean," which means lukewarm or indifferent, particularly in matters of politics or religion. This has been my dream for so long; I've always wanted to win the bee," Kavya Shivashankar, 13, of Olathe, Kansas, told CNN. "
Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher on Saturday denied that he is the man shown pointing at the Google Street View camera as it drove past his local pub in London last summer. Liam Gallagher says the figure captured on Google Earth outside a pub in London is not him. " Not this kid!!
Dr. Sondra Crosby, a Physicians for Human Rights consultant and expert in refugee trauma, said "the atmosphere of intimidation was palpable as we listened to women describing their profound suffering and fear, and their yearning to return safely and with dignity to their former lives." The conflict in Darfur began in 2003 after rebels in the western region of Sudan began attacking government positions. The group also called for "legal reforms in Chad to end impunity for sexual violence," and for "effective psychosocial support to survivors."
Fourth seed Elena Dementieva avoided an embarrassing early exit when comeback queen Jelena Dokic's French Open hopes were ended by a back injury on Thursday. But the Russian won the next two games as the tearful former world No.4 was reduced to walking pace before calling it quits. " Dokic, taking part in her first French Open since 2004 following well-documented family problems, won the first set 6-2 and -- after her first break for treatment -- broke the 2004 finalist to lead 3-2 in their second round clash.
And 75 percent of the children murdered here in Chicago happened within eight miles of President Obama's former house. They see how America takes care of the whole world but won't take care of them in the communities in which they live. Within the current academic year, 36 Chicago-area students were killed.
Nadya Suleman will star in a "quasi-reality TV series," says a TV executive. Nadya Suleman, who gave birth to octuplets in January, will star in a reality television series about her family, a TV executive said. The "quasi-reality TV series" would be "an arrangement whereby several events in the children's lives would be filmed in a documentary series," Czech told Us.
A crude bomb made from a water bottle was used in an explosion that damaged a Starbucks coffee shop on New York's posh Upper East Side, New York police said. The Memorial Day explosion damaged the shop, but no one was injured and no motive has been identified for the bombing. " New York police say they're aware of both incidents, but Kelly says it is too early to draw any conclusions. "
Ginsburg, who turned 76 on Sunday, has consistently signaled her health outlook is positive. Ginsburg also said her former colleague, retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor -- herself a cancer survivor -- had offered her some good advice. " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg plans to undergo a "precautionary" course of chemotherapy following her surgery last month for pancreatic cancer, the Supreme Court announced Tuesday.
The World Health Organization has counted 14,557 cases of H1N1 -- 96 of them fatal -- in 48 countries. Earlier, officials in Cook County, Illinois, recorded their second death from H1N1. -- Arizona reported its fourth death from the H1N1 virus, commonly known as swine flu, health officials said Wednesday.
Still, for the award-winning filmmakers at Pixar, the goal is to make even the hardest animation problems look simple on the silver screen. The production team at Pixar faced many new technological challenges on "Up," its tenth feature film. Thus, a cube-like face.
River waters spread over highways and farms, towns and parks in Washington on Thursday, shutting down traffic on a 20-mile stretch of heavily traveled Interstate 5 between Seattle and Oregon and threatening the federal roadway north of Seattle. The rain also caused Amtrak to suspend service between Seattle and Portland until Saturday, "with no alternative transportation," the rail line said Thursday on its Web site. A meteorologist for the National Weather Service in Seattle said 15 inches of rain that began Monday had ended.
Sound Off below "£6M superstar" said the Sunday Mirror, claiming that "Britain's Got Talent" impresario Simon Cowell plans to take Boyle across the Atlantic to "conquer the U.S." The News of the World upped Boyle's likely earnings on the back of "Britain's Got Talent" to £8 million ($13 million). I'm genuinely shocked. We feel electric.
Maricopa Co. Sheriff Joe Arpaio now has his own TV show, "Smile: You're Under Arrest." Give them pink. Maricopa County, Arizona, Sheriff Joe Arpaio -- whose showy brand of justice has raised charges of discrimination and civil-rights abuses while making him a hero among fans of his tough-on-crime attitudes -- will star in "Smile: You're Under Arrest."
Each time I let my hopes conquer my superstition, there's a crash, a burn, a deflation, and the temporary loss of the ability to giggle, but I choose the chance of being the girl before the girlfriend over giving up the chance for breaking my streak. I lost Brian to his ex-girlfriend (although, in that case, I think they belonged together anyway). I met someone."
Frank Buckles, 107 and the last living U.S. WWI veteran, said it was his duty to represent his fallen soldiers. " He was present for the first Veterans Day in 1918 -- though it was originally called Armistice Day -- that marked the end of WWI. There is no national memorial in the nation's capital for the troops known as "doughboys" who served in the war that ended 90 years ago.
Mountains, parks and 16th century palaces are in stark contrast to the neon and noise of the city's shopping and entertainment areas. The most recent addition to the city's modern landscape is Dutch architect Rem Koohaas' "Transformer". More Meccas to mammon can be found at Dongdaemun to the east.
-- Mount Redoubt volcano in southern Alaska has erupted again, shooting ash as high as 45,000 feet in the air on Saturday, experts said. A series of eruptions has been rattling Alaska's Mount Redoubt volcano since Sunday. The volcano erupted three times Friday, at times shooting ash as high as 51,000 feet.
These sentences should serve as a strong warning to anyone who knowingly provides financial support to terrorists under the guise of humanitarian relief," said David Kris, assistant attorney general for national security. The Justice Department accused it of funneling $12.4 million to Hamas in the guise of humanitarian donations. Federal authorities said the Holy Land Foundation was incorporated by Abu Baker, El-Mezain and Elashi.
Haiti, the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere, has endured three storms -- Hanna, Gustav and Fay -- over the past month. In addition, the USS Kearsarge is expected to arrive Monday in Haiti from Colombia to support relief efforts, the embassy said, though it noted that Hurricane Ike could delay its arrival. Drinking water is the biggest problem," said Joel Trimble, co-founder of Haiti for Christ Ministries. "
The Justice Department argues its prosecutors need not prove "knowledge" that the documents belonged to someone else instead of being fabricated. A ruling is expected by June. Lawyers for the detained illegal immigrants say their clients simply used numbers picked "out of thin air" that happened to belong to another person.
Courts in Myanmar have sentenced a blogger, a poet and several dissidents to several years in jail for anti-regime activities, a court official told CNN Tuesday. The dead included 40 Buddhist monks. Young people at an Internet cafe in Myanmar.
But it was invaluable, and he performed a great act of courage and national service. I knew who he was. Bernstein: Yeah.
Busskohl, 18, has been charged with two felony counts relating to a break-in attempt. If not, sayonara." Washington County attorney Doug Johnson said the two felony counts Busskohl faces are the only ones he could pursue under state law.
Attorney General Michael Mukasey ordered an immigration court to reconsider an African woman's case. The 28-year-old said if she returned and had a daughter, the child also would be subject to mutilation. The woman also said she faced forced marriage if she had to go home.
This year, the size of the thinned area reached about 27 million square kilometers (10.4 million square miles), compared to 25 million square kilometers (9.65 million square miles) in 2007. It acts as a sunlight filter, shielding life on Earth from harmful ultraviolet rays that put humans at greater risk of skin cancer and cataracts and harm marine life, the agency said. In 2006, the hole was a record 29 million square kilometers (11.2 million square miles), larger than North America, the ESA said.
The officers involved have been placed on administrative duties while the shooting is investigated. -- A police officer chasing a theft suspect was fatally shot Thursday night by another officer after he failed to drop his weapon when ordered to, authorities said. Authorities said Officer Omar Edwards, 25, was shot three times.
Protesters used dummies to represent victims of violence on Brazil's Copacabana beach this week. Antiviolence protesters stretched out 16,000 coconuts on Brazil's world-famous Copacabana beach Saturday, each one representing a victim of urban violence. Rio de Paz said the coconuts represent victims of violence, homicides, dead police officers and those who have been shot in gunfights between authorities and gangs of narcotics traffickers.
Leslie Adams, 40, filed a restraining order against an old boyfriend and disappeared three years ago. The family became concerned when Adams failed to show up for her sister's birthday party the day after she talked on the phone with her mother. Three years ago Tuesday, Leslie Marva Adams, an attractive, 40-year-old hair stylist from Atlanta, Georgia, chatted on the phone with her mother in the morning.
A grandmother, mother and her child died when a military fighter jet crashed into a house in San Diego Monday, igniting a huge fireball, CNN's San Diego affiliates and the San Diego Union Tribune are reporting. Another child is missing, authorities said. Fire rages in a San Diego neighborhood where an F/A-18 jet crashed Monday.
Danny Hauser started a second round of chemotherapy treatment this week, Jim Navarro said in a statement on the family's Web site, dannyhauser.com. " He is understandably angry and depressed about being forced to go through the ravages of chemotherapy again." Doctors say Daniel Hauser's lymphoma responded well to a first round of chemotherapy in February.
Puerto Rico Just two days before Christmas 2007, under a full moon at midnight in a bay off the coast of the Puerto Rican island of Vieques, Roselyn Sanchez and Eric Winter were seated in a double kayak, taking in the bioluminescent organisms shimmering in the water all alone, except for a tour guide in a second kayak. In February 2005 Christina Aguilera and her beau, Jordan Bratman, went on a Valentine's Day getaway to Carmel, California, where Bratman proposed with a five-carat diamond-and-platinum ring by Stephen Webster. Schwartz's sister delivered the 10-carat yellow diamond stunner to Whistler, British Columbia, where Seal proposed to Klum on a glacier -- with the sunny piece of ice.
Saudi King Abdullah confirmed Sunday that his country will increase daily oil production from 9 million barrels to 9.7 million in the near future to counter the sharp rise in international oil prices. He said $500 million should be given to developing nations to help them get the energy they need. This isn't nearly good enough."
-- The Pakistani military says security forces have taken back the city of Mingora from the Taliban, calling it a significant victory in its offensive against the Taliban. The fighting has uprooted about 2.4 million Pakistanis from their homes in the northwestern region of the country, according to the latest data from the United Nations. It is a great accomplishment," said Pakistani Maj.
Where to eat The island's dining scene attracts a number of German celebrities (Claudia Schiffer, Boris Becker), and many frequent the stylish Sansibar (80 Hörnumer Str., What to do Sylt is known for its nude beaches. Getting there Sylt is reached by train from Berlin (5 hours) or Hamburg (3 1/2 hours).
The Naval Criminal Investigative Service opened an investigation into how $30,000 disappeared after special forces snipers shot and killed three pirates, ending the multi-day siege and freeing the captain, who had been held hostage. Robert Phillips was held for days. In a criminal complaint filed against the one surviving alleged pirate, Abduwali Muse, the government contends the alleged pirate demanded money from the ship's captain and led him by gun point to the ship's safe.
She also was hospitalized for two days in February after a fall. Reagan, 87, returned to her Bel Air, California, home, spokeswoman Joanne Drake said. Tests revealed a fractured pelvis and sacrum, the triangular bone within the pelvis.
Obviously, she needs to do something more than just flip hamburgers all day," he said. -- Nadya Suleman, who gave birth to octuplets in January, will tell her story in a book, although no publisher has been found to sell it, her lawyer said. In addition to her reality TV show, Nadya Suleman has met with a ghost writer for a book.
He is El Salvador's first leftist president. " Funes, elected March 15, is a member of a political party that waged guerrilla war against the government 17 years ago. -- Mauricio Funes was inaugurated Monday as El Salvador's president, promising to work for the nation's poor and disadvantaged.
Three injections are necessary to get the full benefit of the vaccine. The cervical cancer vaccine, approved in 2006, is recommended for girls around 11 or 12. In fact, fainting has been added to the list of potential side effects to watch for.
Airline officials have said there is no indication of terrorism. " The jet was en route to Perm from Moscow when the pilots lost communication with air traffic control just before landing about 3:10 a.m. (2110 GMT), an Aeroflot official said. The National Transportation Safety Board will send a team of investigators to Perm to look into the incident -- a standard practice when a U.S.-made aircraft crashes.
Officials said they do not know what prompted the riots. Three inmates were hospitalized, including one with a severed finger, the sheriff's office said. CNN's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.
A drunk passenger tried to hijack a Turkish Airlines flight to Russia on Wednesday before he was brought under control, the head of Turkey's civil aviation authority said. The suspect, in his early 50s, was arrested on suspicion of trying to hijack the plane, Interfax reported. In April 2007, Turkish authorities detained a man they believed tried to hijack a Turkish airliner, possibly to Iran.
He is El Salvador's first leftist president. " Funes, elected March 15, is a member of a political party that waged guerrilla war against the government 17 years ago. -- Mauricio Funes was inaugurated Monday as El Salvador's president, promising to work for the nation's poor and disadvantaged.
The destruction of the plant's cooling tower is part of an agreement with the United States aimed at denuclearizing the Korean peninsula in exchange for loosening some restrictions on the highly secretive Communist country. -- North Korea is to blow up a key part of its controversial Yongbyon nuclear reactor on Friday. The United Nations' nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency, says it would take a year to rebuild if North Korea decided to go back on its agreement, and that the construction could not be done in secret.
Jean-Philippe Chauzy, spokesman for the International Organization for Migration, said Tuesday that Libya for years has been a destination for migrants from the rest of Africa. He said that the bolstering of border controls sparked by such a tragedy could prompt migrants to take other dangerous routes. Others are migrants from countries where there is no persecution.
In "Marley & Me," Owen Wilson and Jennifer Aniston's characters welcome a dog into their lives. (Entertainment Weekly) -- In "Marley & Me," it doesn't take long to learn why Marley, an incorrigibly frisky golden Labrador retriever adopted by Florida newspaper writers John and Jenny Grogan (Owen Wilson and Jennifer Aniston), is the "world's worst dog." She's a feature writer who becomes a stay-at-home mom.
Donald Trump said investors who lost money in a Ponzi scheme were victims of their own greed. People were greedy. Trump recently hosted a party at his Palm Beach, Florida, estate, Mar-a-Lago, that was attended by several people who say they were victims of an alleged $50 billion Ponzi scheme run by Madoff.
The Big Three's financial woes have had a direct impact on the Michigan economy with hundreds of thousands of layoffs and/or buyouts. No serious problems. But cars are different.
About 80 trucks filled with commodities were expected to cross into Gaza. How? Israel closed the crossing for all but humanitarian reasons because of rocket attacks from Gaza into Israel by Palestinian militants.
Leading fashion designer Vivienne Tam spoke to CNN's Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom. Stevens: When you won the Hong Kong businesswoman of the year award, you said that your mother was one of your greatest inspirations. Since her start in the fashion business in the early '80s and establishing her own brand in the '90s, she has risen to fame with her east-meets-west styles.
Vincent Windell, 22, and another man whose name was not released were in custody in connection with Thursday's shooting, Jeffersonville, Indiana, Chief Detective Charlie Thompson told CNN. A third suspect, Robert Dattilo, 37, fled into Kentucky, where Louisville police were pursuing him, according to Louisville Metro Police spokeswoman Alicia Smiley. They were rushed to the University of Louisville Hospital for surgery and are both listed in serious but stable condition, hospital spokesman David McArthur told CNN.
Pirrone said he was able to get a 30-day payment exemption, but was told that he had a signed agreement with the bank, and he was still obligated to pay the loan in full. " Law enforcement hopes that this is the beginning of the end of the "car cloning" scam. They can't even repossess it.
No, Felt's willingness to keep Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward pointed in the right direction as Woodward and Carl Bernstein flushed out the greatest political scandal in American history had its roots in the integrity that no one else would show back then. CNN's Campbell Brown praises Mark Felt, the Watergate case's "Deep Throat." Felt was the No.
So she posted a query on the Web site of the Galaxy Zoo project, which encourages members of the public to join in astronomy research online. The Galaxy Zoo team asked scientists working at telescopes around the world to take a look at the mysterious Voorwerp. But her startling find -- a mysterious and unique object some observers are calling a "cosmic ghost" -- has captivated astronomers and even caught the attention of the people who run the Hubble Space Telescope, who have agreed to take a closer look next year. "
-- The Environmental Protection Agency has found high levels of arsenic and heavy metals in two rivers in central Tennessee that are near the site of a spill that unleashed more than a billion gallons of coal waste. The agency said it found "several heavy metals" in the water in levels that are slightly above safe drinking-water standards but "below concentrations" known to be harmful to humans. " A retention site at the Tennessee Valley Authority's power plant in Kingston, about 40 miles west of Knoxville, contained the waste until a wall breached last Monday, sending the sludge downhill to damage 15 homes and cover at least 300 acres.
And, having served his maximum sentence, he was not put on parole upon his release. Watch why the case inflames emotions » Feigley was convicted of additional conspiracy charges in 1995. Because Feigley's 1975 conviction predated the passage of Megan's Law, he will not be required to register as a sex offender.
Sarah Palin understands a lot about America. People talked about how she was "a real person" who "reflected their values." Palin acknowledged that she didn't come from elite stock, but said that she was grateful for that. "
Her leading rivals, South Carolina primary winner Sen. Barack Obama and Sen. John Edwards, did not campaign in Florida. E-mail to a friend And turnout was high for the race even though no delegates were at stake.
The woman, identified as 42-year-old Elisabeth F., has been missing since 1984, when she was 18 years old, police said at a news conference. -- Austrian police believe a 73-year-old man held his daughter captive in his cellar for the past two decades and fathered at least six children with her, according to police and state-run news reports Sunday. She told them her story after she was assured her children would be protected from further harm.
Florida law prohibits a person from leaving a loaded firearm where a minor might have access to it. Sometimes, the injury of a child is more severe from a punishment standpoint than any kind of criminal charge," he said. The stepfather called 911.
Nobody immediately claimed responsibility for the blast, but police suspect the bomber was a member of the Tamil Tiger rebels. The attack happened during a weekly festival that usually draws a large crowd shopping for vegetables and household goods. There was no immediate response from the Tiger rebels to that incident.
Lectures, slide shows and notes are often boring, but people are using technology to find entertainment in these unlikely places. Spoof notes of "Star Wars" are scribbled into a fun online "pencast." It's hard to watch a handful of TED videos and not feel your perspective broadening.
The U.N. established the tribunal in late 1994. A Hutu, Bagosora was convicted of ordering Hutu militia to slaughter rival Tutsis. The court said Bagosora was a key figure in drawing up plans for the genocide.
I contacted Expedia on your behalf, and it issued a new ticket with your wife's name spelled correctly. My wife's first name was spelled Crista instead of Christa. Frank Santa Maria, New Braunfels, Texas A: Expedia should have spelled your wife's name correctly.
The report said that about 77.4 percent of perpetrators of Internet fraud were men. The report said that about 77.4 percent of perpetrators of Internet fraud were men, and about half lived in either California, New York, Florida, Washington, Texas or the District of Columbia. Americans filed 275,284 reports claiming to be ripped off on the Internet, the highest number reported since the center began keeping statistics in 2000.
He would hear the strap hit the ceiling and make a "tick" sound before it swung down on him. " Bryant Middleton kneels by a row of white crosses on the grounds of a former reform school he attended. " Many of the administrators and employees of the reform school are dead.
The check-up in New Delhi is likely to take several hours, but the Dalai Lama will not be admitted to the hospital, the spokesman said. Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama will undergo a routine medical examination at a hospital in the Indian capital on Tuesday. Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama will undergo a routine medical examination at a hospital in the Indian capital on Tuesday, his spokesman Tenzin Taklha told CNN Sunday.
Mbeki, who mediated the talks in Harare for the Southern African Development Community, said the deal would be signed Monday but did not give details of the agreement. A power-sharing deal has been reached between Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and the opposition Movement for Democratic Change, South African President Thabo Mbeki said. Zimbabwe has had no Cabinet since the March presidential election that started the impasse.
U.S. defense officials said four F/A-18A fighter jets from the Nimitz were in the air. Russia's Defense Ministry said Tuesday that there was no violation of flight regulations during the incident. One of them twice flew about 2,000 feet over the deck of the USS Nimitz Saturday while another flew about 50 miles away, officials said.
The United States needs a new law requiring that the president consult with Congress before going to war, a blue-ribbon panel led by two former secretaries of state said Tuesday. James Baker, left, and Warren Christopher led a panel that recommended a new War Powers Act. The current War Powers Resolution is "ineffective, and it should be repealed and it should be replaced," James Baker said in a joint appearance with Warren Christopher, announcing the results of the study they led.
The company is accused of knowingly shipping tainted products now linked to nearly 600 illnesses, including eight deaths, in 43 states. The recent outbreak has led to one of the largest food recalls in U.S. history, encompassing more than 1,000 products. The Peanut Corporation of America plant in Blakely, Georgia, was sealed off by federal authorities Monday morning, WALB reported.
There could easily be up to a foot of snow over parts of Illinois, northern Indiana, perhaps into parts of Michigan and southern Wisconsin, eastward into parts of New York and Pennsylvania," Corfidi said. Another four to seven inches of snow is expected over the weekend. Western New York had several inches of snow on the ground by noon, the station reported.
(CNET.com) -- The HP Pavilion Media Center TV m8120n is proof positive that quad-core processing is ready for mass consumption. Only its lack of a next-gen optical drive prevents a higher recommendation. The lack of a next-gen optical drive is disappointing on this type of PC because it offers so much media-consuming goodness.
Farber said he doesn't want quiz ads "to become the standard." " Calculus teacher Tom Farber is selling ad space on tests to defray printing costs. Parents and administrators also praise Farber, 47, for his creative classroom funding, but he doesn't want it to become the norm. "
I understand the challenge I have, and I understand that this election is really all about the people of your generation," McCain said. Sen. John McCain says he knows how important young voters are. Perlmutter said he cringed when McCain admitted he doesn't use e-mail.
(CNET) -- Microsoft has applied for a patent on metered, pay-as-you-go computing. The end user then pays to use the computer, with charges based on both the length of usage time and the performance levels utilized, along with a "one-time charge." © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
-- The man who police say dressed as Santa Claus and killed nine people at a Christmas Eve party lived with guilt from an incident that left his son from a previous relationship a paraplegic, according to an attorney who once represented the woman in that relationship. On Saturday, Covina police released the names of the nine people unaccounted for since the shooting and fire. The nine unaccounted for are Sylvia Pardo, her parents, her sister, her two brothers, both brothers' wives and a nephew.
Douglas Erwin, president of The Paleontological Society and curator of the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History, said "theft of fossils from pubic lands has long been a problem." An internationally renowned paleontologist will plead guilty to stealing dinosaur bones from federal land, his attorneys said in a court filing. Paleontologist Nate Murphy is expected to plead guilty to stealing fossils from federal land.
President Robert Mugabe, left, and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai signed the deal in July. Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe published a draft constitutional amendment in the government gazette Saturday, paving the way for the power-sharing agreement reached after violence disrupted this year's presidential election. Otherwise we will not support the bill."
A. R. Rahman, interviewed by CNN's Screening Room Virtually unknown in Europe and the U.S., Rahman has sold 200 million albums worldwide -- more than the Beatles -- and is worshipped throughout much of Asia, where he's known as the Mozart of Madras. Now the challenges of the composer are much more," he told CNN. " They wouldn't talk, they would jam, and out of the jamming came the music.
There are zeppelins and old-time explorers and talking dogs -- a whole pack of dogs, in fact. In "Up," a curmudgeonly senior citizen, Carl, tries to cope with the enthusiasm of Russell, a young boy. He's the mirror image of the child Carl used to be, if only the old man were capable of recognizing it.
I guess they change with the times, but they still have that same allure and that same passion behind them." The "beefcakes and bodices" book covers have helped Harlequin sell their romance novels for more than half a century. He might even be headless.
Authorities solved a 31-year-old disappearance this year when they found the remains of Jeff Klee, missing since 1977, in a van in a canal. DNA confirmed Klee's identity, but authorities say there was not enough evidence to determine how he died -- and whether he had been killed. Justice has been denied," Steele said.
Lawyers for Salinger filed suit in federal court this week to stop the publication, sale and advertisement of "60 Years Later: Coming Through the Rye," a novel written by an author calling himself J.D. California and published by a Swedish company that advertises joke books and a "sexual dictionary" on its Web site. " Reclusive author J.D. Salinger has emerged, at least in the pages of court documents, to try to stop a novel that presents Holden Caulfield, the disaffected teen hero of his classic "The Catcher in the Rye," as an old man. Salinger's lawyers say "60 Years Later" deserves no such protection. "
Some experts have said that a lightning strike was a possibility, particularly since the plane disappeared in a storm-prone area along the equator known as the Intertropical Convergence zone (ITCZ). At that point, the plane's automatic system initiated a four-minute exchange of messages to the company's maintenance computers, indicating "several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down." According to Air France CEO Pierre-Henri Gourgeon, the Airbus A330-200 encountered heavy turbulence about 02:15 a.m. local time Monday (10:15 p.m. ET Sunday), three hours after the jet carrying 228 people left Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, for Paris, France.
Thomas Dekker, Lena Headey and Summer Glau star in "Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles." In the season finale of "Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles," John Connor, the boy destined to lead humanity's battle against Armageddon, gets jolted into the future -- the one he was supposed to lead. But of bigger concern, of course, is that "The Sarah Connor Chronicles" is just really good TV -- the kind that you want to believe can last.
Spanish reports said Kaka will sign for five years with a salary worth nearly $13 million a year. Kaka is currently in Brazil with the national team ahead of a World Cup qualifier against Uruguay and earlier in the day had appeared to rule out a move from Italy's Serie A. "I'll say it for the last time. The last time.
Ancelotti, who turns 50 next week, has been in management since 1995, when he took charge of Italian Serie B club Reggiana. He takes over at Chelsea as the permanent replacement for Luiz Felipe Scolari, although Guus Hiddink has been in charge since Scolari was sacked from Stamford Bridge in February. As a manager he has enjoyed plenty of success, particularly in his time at the Rossoneri.
The Victorian masterpiece, which provides distinctive chimes known as bongs, was voted Britain's favorite monument in 2008. Big Ben, arguably the world's most famous clock, celebrates on Sunday 150 years of keeping London on time. Big Ben has been disrupted a few times over the years for various reasons, including weather and breakages.
-- Shortly before President Obama departs for a trip to the Middle East, a new national poll suggests that one in five Americans has a favorable view of Muslim countries. Meanwhile, three in 10 say they have a neutral opinion of Muslim countries. But the poll suggests that six out of 10 think that the Muslim world considers itself at war with the United States. "
Two ships are in the Sea of Japan, the USS Curtis Wilbur and the USS Stethem, both guided-missile destroyers. All four U.S. ships are working with Japanese naval ships in the same region that are also equipped with Aegis radar. On Friday, President Obama reiterated that the United States strongly opposes any such launch. "
Andy Robinson will be seeking to revive the fortunes of Scotland's struggling rugby side. The Scottish Rugby Union has appointed Andy Robinson, formerly coach of bitter rivals England, as the new national team boss. The 45-year-old won eight caps as a flanker for England, and was assistant coach in Clive Woodward's 2003 World Cup-winning set-up before taking over for an ill-fated reign himself in 2004, winning just nine of 22 matches.
Eithne Walls, who danced with Riverdance on Broadway, was aboard Air France flight 447. Among those on board were a member of Brazil's former royal family, a one-time performer with the Riverdance troupe, a Rio city official, executives from major international companies and an 11-year-old British schoolboy. she recalled.
This year's prom, dubbed "The Cinderella Ball," was held Saturday night at the Willard InterContinental Hotel in Washington. Each one of the teens went down a red carpet, under a Marine Corps sword arch, before being seated for dinner. Alex Gonzales passes under the Marines' sword arch Saturday in Washington as he arrives at the prom.
An inter-religious ceremony is to be held Wednesday afternoon inside Paris' Notre Dame Cathedral for family and friends of the victims. Jobim made the announcement after meeting with relatives and friends of Brazilians who were among the 228 people aboard Flight 447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris, France. Pedro Luis was 26.
Police say on June 25, Yamamoto instructed the wrestlers to beat the boy using sticks and a metal bat. When Japanese police arrested three sumo wrestlers and their stable master on Thursday over allegations they beat a 17-year-old wrestler to death, the case sent shockwaves across a country that links its national identity to the sport. Aichi prefectural police allege Yamamoto ordered the three wrestlers to beat a 17 year old junior wrestler so brutally that he died.
Police believe that after Pardo stopped shooting he unwrapped his gift -- a home-made device used to spread fire -- and used it to set the house ablaze. An 8-year-old girl, elated to see Santa, ran toward the door. Authorities said Pardo's name was given to them by people who were at the party.
It's someone saying, 'This is cool. These are starting points," he says. Moon says he set some ground rules.
Prosecutors seek tips and ask anyone with information that could lead to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible for JonBenet Ramsey's death to call 303-441-1636. This so-called touch DNA also was found in JonBenet's underpants, mixed with the child's blood. Many experts have said they believe Boulder police botched the investigation by failing to preserve the crime scene properly.
Grenada provides a third of the world's supply of the spice, which can be sampled as a powder, syrup, or jam. But the township of Gouyave on Grenada's western coast jumps to life on Fish Fridays, which are part street-food festival, part outdoor concert, and part extended-family gathering. From Laluna, a round-trip taxi to Fish Fridays in Gouyave costs roughly $100.
Police said Pardo showed up at the home dressed as Santa and had $17,000 cling-wrapped to his legs and inside a girdle. Pardo killed nine people, police said. Police carry the homemade device they believe Bruce Jeffrey Pardo used to set the home on fire.
And I came up with a holy celebrity trinity: Carla Bruni-Sarkozy (the mind-bogglingly fashionable, ex-supermodel wife of the president of France), Brad Pitt (the half-Brangelinian father of six, at last count), and ultracouple Jay-Z and Beyoncé (who I technically counted as one since I wanted to get something they'd both like). The air in the room started shimmering, because he had, indeed, found some divine objects: a stack of six child-size straw porkpie hats. With that, we turned to the grueling task of shopping for Jay-Z and Beyoncé.
A shortage of clean drinking water has unleashed a cholera epidemic in Zimbabwe. More crucially for countries such as Zimbabwe and the Democratic Republic of Congo, Element Four is also working on another device, the WaterWall, which could potentially supply an entire village in the developing world. The product Element Four is designing for the developing world is called the WaterWall and is constructed by taking several of the water-making cells of the consumer appliance and hooking them up in series on a wall.
Ruben Navarrette: Be wary of offering military service as a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants. -- What if we offered illegal immigrants a path to citizenship that included a stint in the U.S. military? But guess what?
-- Four-time defending champion Rafael Nadal slid to an astonishing 6-2 6-7 6-4 7-6 defeat to Sweden's Robin Soderling at the French Open on Sunday. People remember victories. Soderling savors his unlikely triumph against Nadal in the French Open fourth round.
U.S. military forces landed at a compound in Pakistan to battle targets linked to recent attacks on U.S. troops in Afghanistan, a senior U.S. official confirmed Wednesday. Pakistan's Foreign Ministry spokesman said the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan was summoned to provide an explanation of the incident. " One local official said the raid left 20 civilians dead.
Dr. George Tiller was one of the few U.S. physicians that performed late-term abortions. In March, Tiller was acquitted of 19 counts of performing procedures unlawfully at his clinic. Wichita police said a 51-year-old man from the Kansas City, Kansas, area was in custody in connection with the slaying of Tiller, who was one of the few U.S. physicians who still performed late-term abortions.
As part of the Sri Lankan team that won the World Cup in 1996, he played an explosive innings of aggressive shot-making that has been credited with revolutionizing the way in which batsman play the game. Growing up in a small Sri Lankan fishing town, cricket changed Sanath Jayasuriya's life. However his fine form while playing in the IPL -- he ended its inaugural season as the third highest run scorer with 514 runs and hitting 31 sixes -- convinced the selectors to pick him for the upcoming one-day series between Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Zimbabwe. "
The State Department's Web site advises caution when traveling to the northern border region of Ecuador, including Esmeraldas. Two State Department officials, however, said that the man was stabbed more than 24 times and that his fiancée was beaten and raped. The couple was evacuated to the United States on Tuesday for treatment, the officials said.
The cholera crisis comes as Zimbabwe is struggling with an economic meltdown. The possibility of a new wave of cholera cases looms, Singizi said. " The rainy season could threaten more lives.
This realignment of policy was emphasized by its accession into the European Union in 2004. Solidarity members won a stunning victory in the election of 1989, taking almost all the seats in the Senate and all of the 169 seats they were allowed to contest in the Sejm or parliament. Modern Poland gained independence in 1918 only to be overrun by Germany and the Soviet Union during the Second World War.
His voting choices are a picture-perfect model of the paradoxical results of the 2008 U.S. presidential election. iReport.com: Read Brown's thoughts on Proposition 8 "I don't want a man and a man to be married," Brown said. " Solomon Brown of San Jose, California, is one of the millions of voters who helped elect Barack Obama to be the future president.
Savill has Asperger's syndrome and said he wanted Naughty Auties to serve those with autism spectrum disorders and their friends and family. Watch more on autism research in a virtual world » He started the "Autism Research" discussion group within Second Life to serve as an information-sharing tool for interested parties. David Savill, 22, lives in Gloucester, England, in real life and created this spot within the virtual world of Second Life.
Liz McCartney, dedicated to helping survivors of Hurricane Katrina rebuild their homes, has been named the 2008 CNN Hero of the Year. Each of the top 10 Heroes receives $25,000. Singer Christina Aguilera joins fellow Grammy Award winners Alicia Keys and John Legend for "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute," airing Thanksgiving night on CNN.
Switzerland's Lara Gut made history on Saturday when she became the youngest-ever winner of a women's World Cup race when claiming victory in the super-G at St Moritz. Gut holds the Swiss flag aloft after becoming the youngest skier to win a women's World Cup race. Cheered on by the local supporters, the 17-year-old finished ahead of compatriot Fabienne Suter with Italy's Nadia Fanchini -- the winner of the opening super-G in Lake Louise, Canada, finishing third.
In the broadcast message, Obama also called on Americans to "renew a sense of common purpose and shared citizenship." " Obama also highlighted the service of the country's military men and women now overseas in a holiday message to be broadcast on radio this Saturday. " President-elect Barack Obama visited military personnel and their families enjoying Christmas dinner at a Marine Corps base in Hawaii Thursday during his holiday vacation.
Seven of the children are alive but suffer genetic deformities. The two daughters were made pregnant 19 times; there were nine births, five miscarriages and five terminations. The judge said the minimum term the 56-year-old rapist should serve in jail should be 19½ years.
The bodies of two of the nine crew members on board were recovered, the report said. The plane, with two pilots and seven crew members on board, was to have picked up members of the Presidential Security Group for transport to Manila. Searchers have recovered items from the wreckage of the cargo plane.
Robinson was one of 1,250 fugitives busted in Georgia last week as part of Operation Falcon, a nationwide sweep to arrest some of the most violent offenders. He's seven miles away, on the other side of town. He saw the Taser," Ergas says, with a smile. "
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe has ignored international calls for him to step down. Bush leaves office January 20. Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe described the U.S. government and Western nations as "quite stupid and foolish" Tuesday for trying to be involved in the African country's affairs.
Marti told the group of leaders to do a better job to protect other children like his son. " Those actions are aimed at helping families like that of prominent businessman Alejandro Marti. The next day, his chauffeur and bodyguard were found bound and strangled in the trunk of a car.
And, in a cold slap of reality, there is a drab tent where evacuees can privately read the list of homes that have been destroyed. Shores, a volunteer registrar at San Diego's evacuee shelter, has appointed herself the shelter's "hugger." Conceived on paper as a safe -- if uncomfortable -- refuge for thousands of people, Qualcomm Stadium has become in practice a wonderland of surprises.
Greg Melville converted a 1985 diesel station wagon to run on vegetable oil when his family needed another car. Melville admits that there are a few downsides to having a vegetable-oil powered vehicle. It's a car that runs on vegetable oil instead of gasoline.
Dr Sonia O'Connor, Research Fellow in Archaeological Sciences at the University of Bradford added: "The survival of brain remains where no other soft tissues are preserved is extremely rare. A sophisticated CT scanner at York Hospital was then used to produce startlingly clear images of the skull's contents. Peering through the base of the skull, she spotted an unusual yellow substance. "
She will be allowed 48 hours with him at home over the Thanksgiving holiday, she said. " We're going to watch movies, play games, try to keep things normal as possible," she said, adding that the boy had picked out the movie "Kung Fu Panda." Asked if he's ever been in trouble at school, she replied, "No.
Heath Ledger died in January at age 28. He had been expected to hit new heights of stardom. Visionary author Arthur C. Clarke died in March; elemental guitarist Bo Diddley died in June.
Philadelphia Freedom" Written by: Elton John & Bernie Taupin Written for: Billie Jean King, as a thank-you for a tracksuit she gave Elton. He says "Lola" was written after the band's manager spent a very drunken night dancing with a woman whose five o'clock shadow was apparently obvious to everyone but him. 867-5309/Jenny" Written by: Jim Keller (of Tommy Tutone) and Alex Call Written for: Unknown, as the songwriters apparently make up a different story about its inspiration every time they're asked.
We know where the package is coming from," the official said, but declined to elaborate. Letters containing white powder were mailed to 16 U.S. embassies across Europe, according to the State Department on Wednesday. Emergency services surround U.S. Embassy in Madrid, Spain.
Haynes and his wife, Stefani Scamardo, decided to donate 100 percent of the Christmas Jam proceeds to Habitat for Humanity years ago because they could see exactly where the money was going. Now celebrating its 20th anniversary, Haynes' Christmas Jam has evolved into an epic annual event for the musicians, fans, and particularly Habitat for Humanity. " Haynes says the 20-year evolution of the Christmas Jam reflects his career. "
Moussa Dadis Camara met with Prime Minister Ahmed Tidiane Souare and about 30 other top officials at a military camp in Conakry, the nation's capital, said Ousmane Barry, a correspondent for the state-run Horoya newspaper. Moussa Dadis Camara with Prime Minister Ahmed Tidiane Souare. Capt.
Between 1.5 trillion and 2 trillion tons of ice in Greenland, Antarctica and Alaska have melted at an accelerating rate since 2003, according to NASA scientists, in the latest signs of what they say is global warming. But now, about 15 years later, sea levels are rising about 50 percent faster, making the global climate situation even more unpredictable. " It's a warning sign."
The vast majority of men and women who make up Taylor's clientele earn a living on Main Street, like Brian Asciak, the sales manager of a Ford dealership in Long Beach, California, who became Taylor's most recent customer as he sat in his office. " But his first foray into the apparel business began and ended about 10 years ago at a trade show in Las Vegas, Nevada. What began as a small loan has turned into 1,300 loyal clients.
John McCain and Barack Obama showed Thursday night that they have more common ground than differences when it comes to making national service a priority in their presidential administrations. Meanwhile, a CNN poll out Thursday suggests that voters view McCain as the better presidential candidate to handle terrorism but do not consider terrorism their primary concern in voting. Obama said his views don't necessarily differ from McCain's on national service.
Gonzalez filed a defamation suit against Anthony, saying that as a result of Anthony's statements, she has been suspected wrongly of involvement in Caylee's disappearance. In an earlier hearing Thursday, another Orange County circuit judge ruled that a lawsuit filed against Anthony may proceed, but the judge is not requiring Anthony to submit to a deposition at this time. Prosecutors said they did not want the defense to copy, print or send any photos or X-rays of Caylee to their experts, many of whom were outside Florida, out of concern they might wind up in the media's hands.
Storekeeper Mohammad Sohail was closing up his Long Island convenience store just after midnight on May 21 when -- as shown on the store's surveillance video -- a man came in wielding a baseball bat and demanding money. " Surveillance video shows storekeeper Mohammad Sohail holding a robber at bay with a shotgun. You are now a Muslim and your name is Nawaz Sharif Zardari.'"
In her remarks, Pelosi noted that the former president's statue contains pieces of the Berlin Wall, "as a symbol of his commitment to national security and to his success." The 11-member commission will plan activities marking Reagan's 100th birthday on February 6, 2011. Artist Chas Fagan has captured his likeness so well, and I think the addition of the pieces of the Berlin Wall in the pedestal reflects my husband's commitment to freedom and democracy for everyone."
A supporter of Fidel Castro's government, Benedetti left Uruguay to live in exile, partly in Cuba, where his writings grew more political. " Author Mario Benedetti, 88, was battling intestinal problems and had been hospitalized earlier this month. Benedetti, 88, was battling intestinal problems and had been hospitalized earlier this month.
It was just like shootin' ducks on a pond. For 65 years my family had heard whispers that he and 220 men stormed Omaha Beach and that he and his captain later went AWOL in Paris, France. It was chaos.
Maldini was given a special presentation as he made his 902nd and final appearance for Milan. The 40-year-old Maldini was playing his 902nd game for Milan who won 2-0 at Fiorentina while Portuguese international Figo helped champions Inter to a 4-3 home win over Atalanta. -- Paolo Maldini and Luis Figo brought down the curtain on their remarkable careers as their Milan clubs both scored victories on the final day of the Serie A season.
As of Saturday night, 23 children remained hospitalized, 15 of them in critical condition, Sonora spokesman Daniel Duran told CNN. -- President Felipe Calderon traveled to Hermosillo on Saturday to meet with health officials as the death toll of a day care center fire there grew to 38 children. Calderon ordered the nation's attorney general to investigate the blaze.
Keeping the dollar within Indian Country, Bowers hopes, will help the less fortunate tribes with basic needs such as housing, food and education. " The group now has more than 100 tribal members and more than 100 Native-owned businesses. Richard Bowers Jr. says the Native American Group is intended to help tribes with basic needs.
Now 86-years-old, he and many of his former comrades will remember the 65th anniversary of the landings Saturday at ceremonies along the French coast. But in fact, at the age of just 22, he had already experienced the full horrors of war. Rosier added: "When your best friend gets killed it is surprising how hard you can become on a battlefield, I think you switch your mind off.
A simple majority was enough to be elected the prime minister. The assembly declared Nepal a republic in May and in July elected Nepal's first president, physician Ram Baran Yadav. The Communist Party of Nepal unexpectedly became the largest party in the elections, winning 220 of the 575 elected seats in the assembly.
The affected dealerships are not only furiously trying to sell off their inventory; at the same time, they are trying to figure out what they will do once they stop selling new Chryslers, and how they can save the jobs of their employees. Chrysler has told us they're going to help us send these cars to other dealers' inventories," he says. " O'Bryhim cannot legally sell any new cars he has left after June 9 -- and because the manufacturer is in bankruptcy protection it isn't obligated to take them back.
Korean Air was established as a private airline in March 1969. With a fleet of 124 aircraft, Korean Air is one of the world's top 20 airlines, and operates almost 400 passenger flights per day to 115 cities in 37 countries. It is a founding member of SkyTeam, the global airlines alliance partnering Aeroflot, AeroMexico, Air France, Alitalia, CSA Czech Airlines, China Southern Airlines, Continental Airlines, Delta Air Lines, KLM and Northwest Airlines.
Foreign reporters had flooded Beijing to cover the historic visit of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev. It put CNN on the map," said Mike Chinoy, CNN's Beijing bureau chief during the crisis. " No picture.
Now 86-years-old, he and many of his former comrades will remember the 65th anniversary of the landings Saturday at ceremonies along the French coast. But in fact, at the age of just 22, he had already experienced the full horrors of war. Rosier added: "When your best friend gets killed it is surprising how hard you can become on a battlefield, I think you switch your mind off.
Gunmen on motorcycles fired Friday on a campaign office for President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, wounding two adults and a child, according to a report by Iran's state-run news agency. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was not present at the time of the attack. Azad said information on the arrested terrorist group would be unveiled to the public once interrogations were complete. "
The country's economy has grown every year since 1992, and bucked the recessionary trend of other European Union nations by expanding its economy by just under 1 percent in the first quarter of this year. " In 2008, it ranked 22nd in the world with more than $190 billion in exports, ahead of Australia and India, according to the CIA Factbook. Of course it's much better.
This realignment of policy was emphasized by its accession into the European Union in 2004. Solidarity members won a stunning victory in the election of 1989, taking almost all the seats in the Senate and all of the 169 seats they were allowed to contest in the Sejm or parliament. Modern Poland gained independence in 1918 only to be overrun by Germany and the Soviet Union during the Second World War.
A Brazilian supreme court judge on Tuesday suspended a lower court's order that would have given custody of a 9-year-old boy to the U.S. Consulate in Rio de Janeiro, where he was to be reunited with his American father. David Goldman has been fighting for custody of his son, Sean, since the boy's mother took him to Brazil in 2004. The decision, which means the entire Brazilian supreme court will take up the case, comes a day after a superior court justice ordered Sean taken Wednesday to the U.S. Consulate in Rio and handed over to his father, David Goldman, who arrived Tuesday from New Jersey to pick up his son.
You can't blame them; it's not like you were in love or planning a future with your friend. ( The Frisky: Ten songs about friendship Like any other kind of relationship, friendships end. We know what to do when boyfriends dump us: sob.
A Spanish pilot said he saw an "intense flash" in the area where Flight 447 came down off the coast of Brazil, while a Brazilian minister appeared to rule out a midair explosion. The Brazilian air force said that debris picked up Thursday near where officials believe Air France Flight 447 crashed Monday into the Atlantic Ocean was not from the plane. If true, that would rule out an in-flight explosion as the cause of the crash of Air France Flight 447, Defense Minister Nelson Jobim told reporters.
Police say Thomas led a gang dubbed the "Hillside Burglars" that targeted the neighborhoods overlooking Sunset Boulevard. " At a court appearance Tuesday, Thomas pleaded not guilty to two charges of residential burglary, one in January 2006 and another in March 2008. The thieves hauled away more than $10 million worth of valuables and cash from 150 homes in upscale neighborhoods such as Bel Air, Pacific Palisades and Beverly Hills, police said.
British authorities and environmental groups were welcoming the launch this week of the world's first biodegradable chewing gum, which they say could help save some of the millions spent on clearing up the mess ordinary gum creates. Manufacturers say the gum decomposes within six weeks. The makers of Chicza say it is the first biodegradable chewing gum ever sold.
For actress Jane Alexander, the criticism of a $50 million boost in funding for the National Endowment for the Arts is a sequel. So 38 percent is a nice healthy piece of change for the cost of a project. Tony-award winning actress Jane Alexander says giving money to the arts will save and create jobs.
In a country with one of the highest suicide rates among economically advanced countries, traditional concepts of honor and public "face" remain powerful social forces. According to World Health Organization figures, rates of suicide in South Korea doubled to 21.9 deaths per 100,000 people between 1996 and 2006. While each case of suicide has a number of complex personal issues, the connection between suicide and honor has a historical basis in many Asian countries. "
The dirt road where the bodies of 11-year-old Skyla Jade Whitaker and Taylor Paschal-Placker, 13, were found is too remote for the killings to be the work of a stranger passing through, he says. " Taylor Paschal-Placker, left, and Skyla Jade Whitaker were found shot to death along an Oklahoma road a year ago. Taylor was shot five times.
Several biologists caught fleeting glimpses of about 15 or 20 Tonkin snub-nosed monkeys in a remote area near the Chinese frontier, the wildlife conservation group Fauna & Flora International said Thursday. The Tonkin snub-nosed monkeys were so skittish, researchers captured a photo of only one: an adult male. So few Tonkin snub-nosed monkeys have survived in the wild that scientists thought until recently that they were extinct.
Eddie Freas fights drug addiction by putting all his energy into training for triathlons. After 13 years of using drugs, Crandell started competing in Ironman races and championed finding positive ways to fight addiction through his program called Racing for Recovery. " Exercise is essential.
Watch photo sessions with remaining veterans » DeJonge knows of only 10 living veterans worldwide who fought during World War I. Four live in Britain, two in Australia, two in France and two in the United States: Buckles and 108-year-old John Babcock of Spokane, Washington, who served with Canadian forces during World War I, DeJonge said. In March, he donated nine portraits of World War I veterans that the Pentagon plans to display permanently. Not long ago, he said, two Jamaicans who fought with the British during World War I died.
Obama will see these testimonies to the barbarism of the Nazis when he takes a tour of the camp with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. The survivors see President Obama almost like a grandson of theirs," said the director of the Buchenwald memorial, Volker Knigge, speaking just outside the front gate. " He will also meet some of the survivors who Volker Knigge says feel so close to this president.
Once a soldier, always a soldier. Tucker is as tired of the Iraq war as anyone, but his experience tells him things can suddenly take a turn for the worse, and so he is skeptical of President Obama's promise to get most combat troops out of Iraq by August 2010. I still feel I am fully capable of being a soldier," he told us outside at his police precinct. "
The Ford Excursion crashed at about 11:55 p.m. Saturday in a remote area about 30 miles north of the Mexican border, ejecting almost all the 22 passengers inside, police said in a statement. In addition to the dead, 12 people were hospitalized. -- An SUV carrying almost two dozen undocumented immigrants crashed in Arizona over the weekend, killing 10 people and injuring several others, state police reported Sunday.
Five people were arrested in connection with the shootout. The gunmen were not identified, but the statement called them "members of organized crime." Mexican soldiers hold rifles Saturday during a clash with organized-crime suspects in Acapulco.
Indeed, as part of a deal with the United States, 54 percent of Iranians would endorse the Iranian government ending support for Iraqi militias instead of providing military assistance. They want a tough negotiator to bring home a deal for Iran. In another indication of the public's strong support for a more open and fully democratic system of government, 77 percent said they support a political system where the supreme leader, along with all leaders, can be chosen and replaced by a free and direct vote of the people.
James Alan Fox says perpetrators of mass shootings usually do not suddenly go berserk. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Alan Fox. Experiencing disappointment and failure so profound as to extinguish their desire to survive, most mass killers deliberately and methodically execute those closest to them, those they hold responsible for their troubles.
The Lost Trailers have also partnered with Keep America Beautiful, a national organization dedicated to litter reduction and recycling. But definitely, we want to do our part to give back. As small-business owners, we want to do our part as well.
John Travolta stars as a villainous ex-inmate in "The Taking of Pelham 123," which opens in theaters Friday. " John Travolta, still in mourning over the death of his teenage son earlier this year, issued a rare public statement urging fans to see his latest movie, "The Taking of Pelham 123," which he filmed last year. I believe you will like the result."
The United Nations has said an estimated 2 million Pakistanis have been displaced by fighting between the Pakistani military and Taliban militants. Both the residents and Taliban fighters are using heavy weapons, including rocket launchers and anti-aircraft weapons, Rehman said. Four of the villagers have been injured in the battle, Rehman said.
These men were abused and put under some of the most horrific conditions," the general told a private gathering of Berga survivors. " It marked the first time in history the U.S. Army recognized 350 soldiers held as slaves inside Nazi Germany. It was a slave labor camp."
To stop this progression, we must start treating all sexual offenses as major crimes. Jane Velez-Mitchell says tougher penalties are needed to keep sex offenders from committing more crimes. The simple answer is to take all sex offenders off the streets, from the moment they commit the first "minor" offense.
Bongo took power in 1967, seven years after the West African country's independence from France. Bongo, 73, had been receiving treatment for intestinal cancer at the Quiron clinic in Barcelona, Spain, according to the Gabonews agency. Calm was reported after the announcement, but Gabon's Ministry of Defense nonetheless announced it was closing all of the country's land, air and sea ports, according to a ministry statement.
Mexican soldiers, in trucks and helicopters kept watch over the resort town Monday. The attacks came two days after a ferocious street gunbattle that left 18 people dead, including two soldiers. Five people were arrested in connection with the shootout.
Enya spoke to CNN about how her music is like an onion (think layers, not tears), keeping a low profile, and marking the 20-year anniversary of "Watermark," her breakout album. And Winter Came" is her first CD in three years. " Enya: It's very easy for me to keep a low profile because the focus I feel is always on the music.
He does it all under the mantra of "serious clowning, a story behind every smile." The clown organization is also known as Lev Leytzan, a name derived from the program's roots working with Jewish youth. The Lev Leytzan clowns perform for children and patients in hospitals to spread laughter and joy. "
It's going to save a glacier somewhere." Josh Winston stands outside the 1983 RV he was converting to run on vegetable oil. " Four years ago, Winston was watching a late-night news program and saw a segment about converting diesel vehicles to run on alternative fuels.
Crews prepare to demolish Maria Ruiz's home as part of ABC's "Extreme Makeover: Home Edition." The Ruiz family episode of "Extreme Makeover: Home Edition" is scheduled to air March 15. Months later, Ruiz and her family received another surprise, courtesy of ABC's "Extreme Makeover: Home Edition."
But about 4:15 a.m. Paris time, Flight 447's automatic system began a four-minute exchange of messages to the company's maintenance computers, indicating that "several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down," he said. " It has very good range and is extremely popular with airlines because of its versatility," he said. The jet carrying 228 people from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, that disappeared overnight as it entered an area of strong turbulence probably crashed into the Atlantic Ocean, the CEO of Air France said Monday.
-- Four men were indicted Tuesday in what prosecutors said was a plot to bomb two New York City synagogues and fire surface-to-air missiles at U.S. military planes. The four are accused of plotting to detonate explosives near two synagogues in the Riverdale section of the Bronx and seeking to fire missiles at planes at an Air National Guard base. We have to constantly be vigilant." "
Serenbe, a community founded on principles of farm-to-table cooking and environmentally conscious building techniques, has seen its fortunes rise while the rest of the country struggles. The community of Serenbe in rural Georgia is surrounded by 40,000 acres of dense forest. The idea of investing in new home construction and high-end restaurant businesses would send most entrepreneurs running these days, but developers in a small community in rural Georgia say they're still growing.
The tools he uses to hammer home his message go beyond his overhead TV screens, charts and calculators. Kevin Cross holds the boards steady as a woman uses a reciprocating saw to cut up her credit cards. Kevin Cross wasn't always this way.
Officer Eric Kelly, who rushed to the scene on his way home after finishing his shift, was fatally shot as he attempted to assist his fallen colleagues, Harper said. Officer Paul Sciullo III was the first to approach the home after responding to the scene around 7:05 a.m. He was shot in the head as he entered the doorway. Suspect Richard Poplawski surrendered around 11 a.m. outside the Stanton Heights home he shares with his mother after a standoff that lasted nearly four hours and left two more officers injured.
Dinant has maintained his diet of 16 egg whites, one and a quarter-pound of meat, four cups of vegetables, potatoes and rice a day. Halfway through his fitness goal, Jason Dinant said he sees a four-pack gradually forming. The key to falling off the wagon is not to stay off the wagon," said Gregg Avedon, a certified fitness trainer and model whose chiseled six-pack has appeared on the cover of Men's Health magazine 18 times. "
It's a scene that's been repeated more than 35 million times in the past year at certified mammogram facilities around the United States. She also suggests going to the same office every year so that old X-rays can be compared with new films. A recent study in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute reports that doctors reading mammograms miss an average of two in every 10 cases of breast cancer.
The Field Museum of Natural History sports one of the largest, most complete Tyrannosaurus rex fossils around. Suggested admission for adults $20; children under 12 free The Insectarium, New Orleans, Louisiana The Insectarium, part of the Audubon Nature Institute, pays tribute to everything creepy and crawly. Adults $15; children 2 to 12 $10 Field Museum of Natural History, Chicago, Illinois "What kid doesn't love dinosaurs?"
Cases of dengue fever usually spike from November through January, which is Bolivia's hot and rainy season. At least 12 unconfirmed instances of dengue hemorrhagic fever have been reported in the first 17 days of 2009, the official ABI news agency said. Authorities said they have committed more than 20,000 military personnel and 2.5 tons of insecticide to combat the disease.
At 4 months old, Kaden is a playful, black- and white-coated basenji being schooled at Georgia K9 National Training Center. Trained dogs can track down cocaine camouflaged inside car seats. The North American Police Work Dog Association says 35,000 dogs are trained to do detective work in the U.S. The association estimates up to 10,000 dogs have been added since the September 11, 2001, attacks.
Our tour is coming to your city with a digital interactive experience, free Fit Nation gear and a chance for you to be on CNN TV with chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta. Come out and join CNN's Fit Nation! Send us your story, photos and video.
Started out when I was 6 years old," said Davis, who is set to race this month as NASCAR's only current African-American driver/owner. Davis plans to compete in a number of Nationwide Series races before moving on to the Sprint Cup Series. " His team is being funded by family and a few sponsors, not an easy feat when it costs a minimum of $75,000 to enter a Nationwide Series race.
The New York City-initiated ban on trans fats has become far-reaching; at least eight other major metropolitan areas have legislated similar bans, as have restaurants, hotels, theme parks, cruise lines, and many other businesses. Many national chains post nutrition analyses on their Web sites, so you can find out how much fat, cholesterol, sodium, protein, carbohydrates, fiber, and calories a potential meal contains. Enjoy yourself.
CNN's Campbell Brown says The Huffington Post has audio of an executive talking about the "awards." And it gets better. It is an award.
In June, the airline will also launch services between Continental Europe and New York. E-mail to a friend BA will also commence business-only flights between New York and London City Airport next year using Airbus A318 jets in a 32-seat layout.
The Obama administration has said that CIA interrogators who followed the instructions would not be prosecuted for their work. " The Obama administration said last month that it would not object to the release of the photos. See timeline of events » The Obama administration disagrees.
The Jabra BT3030 comes with nice pair of ear buds that sit comfortably in the ear, but since it has a 3.5mm headset jack, you can use any headphones of your choosing. The Jabra BT3030 also comes with an optional clothing clip accessory, plus an AC adapter. The Jabra BT3030 can be purchased for around $39.99.
Three people were arrested Saturday after chaos broke out at an "America's Next Top Model" audition at a New York hotel, police said. " Six people were injured, and two of them sought treatment at a hospital, authorities said. American's Next Top Model" is hosted and produced by supermodel Tyra Banks.
For the best seafood in the city, Crawford recommends Po Toi O a small fishing village at Clear Water Bay in the New Territories, Hong Kong. The Hong Kong socialite shows us around her city's favorite haunts. Po Toi O is in Clear Water Bay in the New Territories, Hong Kong.
Mariska Hargitay plays Olivia Benson on "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit." " Hargitay stars as Detective Olivia Benson in "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit." " Actress Mariska Hargitay went to a hospital for tests Wednesday after she "experienced some discomfort" related to the collapsed lung she suffered in January, her publicist said.
And places such as East End's Treacle are delighting locals and visitors alike with a return to the no-nonsense proper British teahouse, serving up comforting classics like Jammy Dodgers and buttercream cupcakes. At the forefront of London's retro renaissance: sugar. Behind a shiny strawberry-red façade in Covent Garden, British confectionary is experiencing a resurgence at Hope and Greenwood, a sweet 1950s-style candy store named after its sugar-loving owners.
O'Ryan was also ordered to have no contact with Johnson or her family and to stay 500 feet away from the gymnast and the CBS studio. O'Ryan, 34, was ordered held on $220,000 bail, the Los Angeles District Attorney's office said. Dancing With the Stars" contestant Shawn Johnson is a gymnast who won a gold medal at the 2008 Olympics.
Today the site's annual attendance matches its highest since 1976. The distillery and gristmill are now open, and a reconstructed slave structure tells the African American story. Why?
Fifty-five others were injured in the incident, which occurred near a school in Peru's Ayacucho province, said Director Maria Torrealba. Further details were not immediately available, nor were the conditions of those injured in the incident. Journalist Maribel Salas contributed to this report
Nigeria's military began clearing the western Niger Delta region last week, its first major operation against the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta, an armed militant group that demands a better distribution of the country's oil wealth. File image shows Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta fighters. Rabe Abubakar, spokesman for the Nigerian military's joint task force.
-- Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo acknowledged Monday that he is the father of a 2-year-old child who was conceived when he was a Roman Catholic bishop. The announcement came in the week after Carrillo had filed suit in a city in southern Paraguay seeking a paternity test. Sen. Julio Cesar Velasquez of the opposition Colorado Party called on the Vatican to excommunicate Lugo.
The violence stems from an interpretation of sharia, or Islamic law. More than 100 people have died in the latest fighting in Somalia, and hundreds more have been wounded in the bloody insurgency, government officials said last week. Relief workers said the fighting between the Somali government and rebels over Islamic law has left Somali civilians with the choice of facing bloody battles or fleeing to squalid camps.
For the opposition, the requirement of a new electoral census and tighter rules regarding who gets to vote was an important victory. " Evo Morales on hunger strike at the presidential palace in Bolivia's capital, La Paz. After weeks of enduring cajoling and threats that culminated in a hunger strike by President Evo Morales, Bolivia's congress on Tuesday approved a law allowing him to run for re-election in December.
Guinea-Bissau, a former Portuguese colony, has a history of military coups. President Joao Bernardo Vieira, 69, was assassinated on March 2 during an attack on the presidential palace. The attack happened a day after Gen. Tagme Na Waie, chief of Guinea-Bissau's military, was killed in a bomb explosion in his office.
The president wants the opposition-led Senate to set a date for general elections that are expected to give him another five-year term. The nation's first indigenous president reportedly carried out an 18-day hunger strike in 2002, when he was expelled from Congress. Evo Morales on hunger strike at the presidential palace in Bolivia's capital, La Paz.
Show you know your news by identifying the location described in each clue. You've heard many different places mentioned this week on CNN Student News. Write your answers in the space provided.
If I had to come back in another form, it would be as my dog, DJ. The idea of not wearing brown and black together seems so dated. Do you remember having trouble fitting in at school?
CNN wants to hear from both Russian residents and worldwide viewers, in English or in Russian, what they think about Russia's role in the international community. CNN Moscow Correspondent at Star City, the Russian cosmonaut training facility. The week of programming kicks off with a special travelogue documentary Eye on Russia: Moving Forward where CNN's Moscow-based Senior International Correspondent Matthew Chance rides the train from the Arctic north of Murmansk down to the southern climes of Sochi by way of St Petersburg and Moscow, to offer a diverse range of reports.
In her interview, Diaz remembered how her dad taught a then scrawny young girl how to fight bullies in school. " (InStyle.com) -- Actress Cameron Diaz talks candidly about love, guys, friends, family and charting her own course. Eclectic style.
They will not face criminal charges, London's Metropolitan Police said. Lord Taylor of Blackburn and Lord Truscott allegedly agreed to use their influence to get a loophole into a proposed tax law in exchange for cash, but the person offering the bribe turned out to be an undercover reporter. Peter Truscott got his baronage in 2004.
The frenzied crowd at London's Brixton Academy The six-piece 2-tone outfit originally from the English Midlands played a total of five dates at what is now the O2 Academy, such was the phenomenal demand for tickets. If "Do The Dog" appeared to hit the spot, then tracks such as "Too Much Too Young," and "Gangsters" literally had the earth moving in this imposing old theatre. Despite only reforming recently, The Specials have rediscovered their mojo.
Chris Helmbrecht is a 37-year-old German who lived in New York and Spain before moving to Moscow nearly six years ago. I know how it went with Berlin -- in 10 years you won't recognize Moscow anymore. CH: It depends on the time of year, but in the summer they take every opportunity to get out of the city.
Get rid of anything you haven't worn in two years and replace it with something new that makes you feel pretty. Remind yourself of your virtues by writing a note that says something like "Hey, you have a great chest!" Feeling comfortable with your body alone is the first step to feeling comfortable with your body around others," says Kressley.
Richard Goldstone, a former Rwanda and Yugoslavia war crimes prosecutor, is leading the Human Rights Council investigation of the conflict that claimed the lives of more than 1,000 Palestinians and 13 Israelis. The Israeli government is not assisting the investigators, who are not scheduled to visit Israel as part of the inquiry. A U.N. team entered Gaza on Monday to investigate possible human rights abuses by Israel and Hamas during a three-week conflict that ended January 18.
Star Power: Catherine Zeta Jones, Victoria Beckham, Portia de Rossi Round Created by Marcel Tolkowsky in 1919, the round diamond is the most popular shape for engagement rings. Star Power: Heidi Klum, Leslie Grossman, Anna Chlumsky Rose-Cut Most diamonds have a flat top with facets on the edges and bottom, but a rose-cut diamond is domed and covered with facets. Star Power: Jeri Ryan, Courtney Ford, Guiliana DePandi Princess Think of this flirty, flashy option as the "Yeah, baby!"
From medieval cathedrals to Calatrava's futuristic City of Arts and Sciences, Valancia packs in plenty. It's not as achingly hip as Barcelona and it's more manageable than Madrid: Spain's third city has plenty of flavor, an urban edge and uniquely Valencian oddities. Out of season some of the effigies and floats built during previous festivals can be seen year round at the Museum of Las Fallas on Plaza Monteolivete.
The story of a vicious scramble for a penthouse apartment once owned by a high-society queen shows the life of New York City women through the lens of where they live. They have to say something about contemporary life." " The pessimistic Miranda?
The Midnite Disturbers will be at Jazz Fest -- of course -- holding down a 5:55 p.m. slot Saturday afternoon. Shamarr Allen, Mark Mullins and Ben Ellman sport the Midnite Disturbers T-shirts as they perform. The band was started by New Orleans drummers and longtime friends Stanton Moore and Kevin O'Day.
Apartheid Museum It's a disturbing experience, but a visit to Apartheid Museum is essential if you want to understand the city's troubled past. The advantage of a tour is that your guides can offer a local's insight into the city's history and culture. If African wildlife is more your scene, head to The Lion Park, a small nature reserve about 25km north of Johannesburg.
Lagos is a city that never sleeps. Be prepared to empty your wallet though, as Lagosians are big spenders. This is an amazing experience reminiscent of his dad, the legendary musician Fela Kuti.
Some companies are erring on the side of safety, telling employees who returned from Mexico to stay at home for a few days. People who aren't sick should continue to work and use normal precautions like washing hands, according to the CDC. On Thursday, the World Health Organization reported 236 cases of swine flu worldwide.
(Entertainment Weekly) -- If you're interested in actor Marlee Matlin, you'll want two questions answered before deciding whether to read her memoir, "I'll Scream Later": Actress Marlee Matlin appears on CNN's "Larry King Live" to talk about her sexual abuse. 2. 1.
If Perlstein's history of the 1960s and early '70s in America has a throughline, it's mistrust. The rise of the youth culture coincided with the death of the studio system. Slideshow: What made the '60s the '60s » Perlstein's book has earned rave reviews.
Two million Jews had died at the hands of the Nazi scourge, but millions more were saved as the Federal District of Sitka, Alaska, became the new Jewish homeland -- all the more important when the fledgling State of Israel went down to defeat in 1948. Chabon had written an article about the decline of Yiddish, and the reaction to the piece -- some of it very negative -- "got me thinking about ... a possible, but nonexistent, imaginary Yiddish-speaking place in the modern world," he says in an interview at CNN Center. he laughs. "
Brian K. Vaughan says he's "depressed" about the end of "Y: The Last Man," but he's got other projects to work on. " Listening to writer Brian K. Vaughan summarize the plot of his comic book, "Y: The Last Man," makes it sound like just another pulp title. Meanwhile, Vaughan, a one-time film student, has begun a career in television, working as a writer on ABC's "Lost."
Eight months later, Welch had lost 87 pounds and reached his goal weight of 174 pounds, which is the maximum weight for someone who is 5 feet 10 inches tall, according to the national guidelines. More importantly, he's become more optimistic. " Tim Welch was never the kind of guy who worried about his weight.
Tracey Wygal weighed 295 pounds before starting a "clean diet," keeping a food journal and exercising. Instead, a physician handed her a 1,600-calorie-a-day diet and told her to start moving. Hardly a day that goes by that you won't find Tracey Wygal working out at the gym.
Watch range of comments on Sotomayor and race » "We should not demagogue race. Democrats have said conservative reaction to the pick is over the line. " But several Republicans have said recently that his nomination of federal Judge Sonia Sotomayor for the Supreme Court has made race an issue.
Pun-loving Kenneth Cole pays tribute to inspiring people in his new book. " CNN: In Robert Redford's essay on freedom of speech, he encourages the use of humor when speaking out about a cause someone feels passionate about. Kenneth Cole is the first to admit he has a bit of a language problem.
In the novel, Scarpetta leaves South Carolina for New York, where the NYPD has asked her to examine an injured psychiatric patient. Still, Cornwell has been delving deeper into her characters' minds with each new book, and "Scarpetta" won't alter that trend. " So no, this isn't the last book about Scarpetta."
Commander Lee Archambault and his six crewmates are now scheduled to lift off to the International Space Station at 9:20 p.m. ET Wednesday. After several delays, NASA said Friday that space shuttle Discovery is scheduled for launch in five days. Discovery's 14-day mission will include four spacewalks, NASA said.
You swoop, you glide -- it's like dancing, or like those dreams where you're flying. Bikers approach Mount Mitchell, North Carolina, during a road trip through the Blue Ridge Mountains. Come on!"
Blessed with comical seriousness, Eisenberg is like a young Woody Allen: fretful, intelligent, naive and deluded. Most jobs have their compensations, though. For Entertainment Weekly's take, click here.
So the novel's really in some ways about character and taking control of the destiny of your own character. Maguire: I had written children's books for 14 years before I published "Wicked." Maguire's newest book in the series, "A Lion Among Men," tells the story of the Cowardly Lion -- the motherless cub defended by Elphaba in "Wicked."
The restaurant offers a buffet of Southern favorites like okra, macaroni and cheese, banana pudding and peach cobbler at low prices. The park includes The Oaks, home of university founder Booker T. Washington, and a museum that houses the work of the renowned slave-turned-scientist George Washington Carver. We are thankful for the sacrifices of those who crossed the bridge in 1965 and regretful for those who don't take advantage of their right to vote.
So, what makes you happy? Above a basic threshold, more money doesn't make us happier. Why?
More than 150,000 allied troops, about half of them Americans, took part in D-Day on June 6, 1944, overwhelming German forces in an operation that proved a turning point in driving the Nazis out of France. President Obama and Britain's Prince Charles were among those attending the ceremony. Never, never will France forget," he vowed.
Edgy guys stand out in people's minds," Liotta said of his famous "bad guy" roles, according to the Dispatch. Ray Liotta (right) co-stars with Seth Rogen in "Observe and Report," which opened Friday. CNN's David Daniel contributed to this story.
He worked on his basement for more than a year and ended up losing 65 pounds in the process -- more than enough to win his bet with Harrell. The wives had sewn two pink, strapless dresses together to fit Harrell, and then layered on accessories like a bow-topped headband and a corsage. Their wives even started a dress committee, to make sure the loser was appropriately attired, and their kids delighted in the prospect of seeing Dad in a dress.
Fewer tourists and relatively warm temperatures may be reason enough to put Ireland on your list of winter travel destinations, especially Dingle Peninsula, once ranked by National Geographic Traveler as "the most beautiful place on Earth." Because Ireland sits near the warm waters of the Atlantic Gulf Stream, the Emerald Isle has an average temperature of 46 degrees Fahrenheit (7 Celsius) during December, January and February. Most shops and restaurants have shorter hours during winter, and traditional music is found in some of the pubs on the weekends.
Hoh Rain Forest, Olympic National Park As I drove into the Hoh Rain Forest in Washington's Olympic National Park, the only words I could muster were Holy ... Wow! From the start, Olympic National Park was always a must-see. See map of my road trip » I mean, who knew you could hike through rain forests, climb glaciers, walk beaches or hit up mineral hot springs all in one place?
Nevertheless, Hostelling International reported its hostels in many destination cities saw notable increases in October versus the same time last year: New York overnight guests increased by 9.8 percent, Washington by 9.7 percent and San Diego, California, by 22.1 percent, according to Hostelling International. That is the heart of hostelling. Mlynarczyk said.
If final efforts at negotiations are unsuccessful, officials intend to use eminent domain to acquire the property. This plot of land is scheduled to house the permanent United Airlines Flight 93 memorial. We'll try to negotiate with the families, but eminent domain has always been and will continue to be the last resort."
However else Europeans celebrate the Yuletide season, Christmas still centers around an Advent market that, in most cases, has filled the square before the cathedral each December for hundreds upon hundreds of years. All rights reserved. Planning a Caribbean getaway?
Watch Obama laud Reagan's optimism » Mrs. Reagan is slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of President Reagan on Wednesday morning at the Capitol and then share a private White House lunch with first lady Michelle Obama. Nancy Reagan watches President Obama sign the Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission Act Tuesday. " Gibbs' comments also come the same day Mrs. Reagan attended a White House ceremony marking Obama's signing of legislation authorizing a Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission.
Winston Churchill and President Calvin Coolidge also rested here amid art and antiquities from around the world. Hearst hired San Francisco architect Julia Morgan in 1919 and by 1947 the 165-room estate stretched over 127 acres. This guy was rich!"
She will preside over 543 elected members, of which 58 are women. Kumar, 64, was elected to the position unopposed. Meira Kumar is also a member of the "untouchable" Dalit class, the lowest rung in the centuries-old caste system in the country.
It is a sport littered with odd words and phrases and MainSail has put together a list of 10 of the weirdest below. Are there any other nautical words you'd like to add? Bilge The bilge is the lowest part of the interior of a ship.
The 24-year-old visited the Harlem Children's Zone, a nonprofit organization that offers free programs and classes in a low-income area, then went to Governors Island in New York Harbor to play in the Veuve Clicquot Manhattan Polo Classic. I'm hopeful I'll come back to visit again." It's my first visit to New York.
She and soundman Kit Swartz stayed in the square for that entire historic night, determined to witness history. " I got everybody together and said, 'okay, this is it,'" she recalled. "' Bullets were whizzing overhead and then about 3 or 4 in the morning, they turned all the lights off," she said. "
Troy Ryan Bellar, 34, used a high-powered rifle with a scope to shoot his 31-year-old wife, Wendy, when she tried to leave their home, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said in a statement. The shootings happened in Lakeland, Florida, just east of Tampa. There is no explanation for that."
As proud Americans, we wish to recognize and honor them for their service." Both congressmen have pushed for a congressional resolution to honor the 350 soldiers held at Berga an der Elster, a subcamp of Buchenwald where dozens of American soldiers were beaten, starved and killed. Two U.S. lawmakers have urged U.S. Army Secretary Peter Geren to recognize 350 American soldiers held as slaves by Nazi Germany during World War II, saying "these heroes have not received the recognition and honor they deserve."
Tensions eased in the northern Indian state of Punjab on Tuesday, following widespread violence across the region after a Sikh guru was shot to death and another was wounded at an Indian temple in Vienna, Austria. Killed in Sunday's attack in Vienna was 57-year-old Sant Rama Nand. His health has improved noticeably, according to the Indian Embassy, the Austria News Agency reported.
He left out some of the veterans and began picking players who were young and fresh, like Andrei Arshavin and Roman Pavlyuchenko," he said. Andrei Arshavin has become Russia's first football superstar since the Soviet era. Jonathan Wilson, author of "Behind the Curtain, Travels in Eastern European Football," told CNN that recent successes mark a renaissance of Russian football.
The Solar Energy Industries Association estimates there are about 250,000 homes in the United States with some sort of solar power, although not all of them have taken the concept as far as the Redmonds. About 80 percent of our power is used with the solar panels." Whenever possible, Redmond runs errands on an electric bicycle that pulls a small trailer.
This is the first time that some of them have ever earned an income. " Ruziga leads a local business collective that sells products -- like wine, jam and juice -- that it makes out of indigenous fruits. " On his 2007 visit to Mbola, Legend met "Mama" Mwadawa Ruziga, a single mother of two who was freeing herself from poverty.
Conservationists thought the Irrawaddy had dwindled in number to just a few hundred, but they have now counted almost 6,000 of them in the Sundarban mangrove forests and the adjacent waters of the Bay of Bengal. The Irrawaddy, one of the world's rarest species of freshwater dolphins, have been found in surprisingly large numbers deep in the waterlogged jungles of Bangladesh. The Irrawaddy is considered to be one of the world's rarest species of freshwater dolphin.
Police say this shirt was found on the boy, dubbed "Baby Justice" or "Baby Angel." His name is unknown, though the community has dubbed him "Baby Justice" or "Baby Angel." Police say the Native American or Hispanic boy was between 3 and 5 years old, 38 pounds, 38 inches in height, with brown eyes and dark quarter-inch hair.
The London Philharmonic Orchestra is selling its brand to the Middle East. Facetime with Abdalla Salem El-Badri, Secretary General of OPEC Abdalla Salem El-Badri, Secretary General of OPEC, says $40 a barrel is not enough for oil producing countries in the current economic climate. The Secretary General says the Organization is prepared to trim more production if demand continues to fall and urges Non-OPEC producers to do the same.
Treat yourself to breakfast at one of Paris' oldest tea salons. Start the day with a walk down the Champs-Élysées. Treat yourself to a glass of champagne and start planning your next sojourn in Paris!
Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al-Maktoum, Chairman of Emirates Airlines is at the center of Dubai's aviation industry. Facetime with Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al-Maktoum Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al-Maktoum, Chairman of Emirates Airlines talks strategy and adresses rumours about the airline. But, there are risks, with the potential for conflict on three fronts.
The leader of Lebanon's majority party talks to MME about the credit crisis, its impact on remittances, and how he believes peace in the Middle East is the only way to bring political and economic stability to his country. Facetime with Saad Hariri, Leader of Future Movement Saad Hariri is the leader of Lebanon's majority party, Future Movement. It has prompted the likes of Saudi Arabia and Qatar to use their petro-dollars to buy farmland in Africa and Asia to feed their people.
The cut in crude is hoped to stabilize prices and will be the third cut in quotas since September. CEO Naguib Sawiris tells MME about the company's ambitious expansion plans and the effects of the international financial crisis. Or is OPEC trying to protect the cost of future investments?
Watch Obama rally in South Dakota » As Clinton tries to win over the undecided superdelegates, she argued Sunday that she would be the stronger candidate to face Republican John McCain in the fall. " The Democratic primary season ends Tuesday when Montana and South Dakota cast their votes. " Obama campaign spokesman Robert Gibbs expressed confidence that Obama would clinch the nomination in the coming days. "
Mehserle may have intended to draw and fire his Taser instead of his gun, according to a court filing by his attorney. Video shows Johannes Mehserle shoot Oscar Grant III in the back as another officer knelt on him. -- A former transit police officer charged with murder was released from custody Friday after posting a $3 million bail.
One design shows a female comic figure that was drawn by a man sitting on death row in Texas. Bohle said part of the proceeds from sales go to organizations that support prisoners' rights and better conditions for inmates, like Amnesty International. E-mail to a friend
More than anything, we need this unity and this energy in the months to come, because while our primary has been long and hard-fought, the hardest and most important part of our journey still lies ahead." Despite Hillary Clinton's landslide victory in Kentucky, Barack Obama has won a majority of pledged delegates in the race for the Democratic nomination. Eighty-nine percent of Tuesday's voters in Kentucky were white, according to the exit polls.
Across the aisle, Republicans are insisting the Justice Department drop any investigation of Bush administration officials who authorized harsh interrogations. " Now, the White House is reviewing former Vice President Dick Cheney's request to make more memos public. The almost daily revelations are dividing Democrats between those calling for full disclosure and those urging caution. "
What are your tips for getting the most out of the city? Bar della Pace is a fashionable Roman classic for drinks. In Rome, breakfast is on-the-go.
The hungry seagulls and pelicans at the Sydney Fish Market make lunch there a more interesting affair. Some allow you to bring your own drinks. And finally, there's no better place to end the night than in one of Sydney's karaoke bars.
Taking the ego out of architecture, Sinclair sees the sharing of transformative design ideas as being a moral responsibility of today's designers and architects. " Co-founder and executive director of Architecture for Humanity, Cameron Sinclair opened the second Principal Voices debate on Design for Good by outlining just what the term means to him, but also what it means to the communities his design solutions are aimed at. ' When your focus is social change... why wouldn't you want to share that openly?'
About 35 million American women have high blood pressure, and a third of them don't know it. Daniels is among the 43 percent of African-American women who have hypertension. But that doesn't mean fighting high blood pressure is a cinch.
Teratomas of the brain are very rare and comprise less than 1 per cent of all brain tumors. He explained some quick facts: • "Teratoma" comes from the Greek word "teraton," meaning "monster". • Teratomas are seen most commonly in children and young adults. •
The World Health Organization reports 41 suspected cases of the deadly fever in Congo since November 27. The outbreak is centered in the western Kassi province of the Democratic Republic of Congo, which has been reporting intermittent cases of the disease since 1976, according to Angop. -- An outbreak of the deadly ebola virus in the Democratic Republic of Congo has prompted neighboring Angola to close its border with that country, Angola's state news agency reported Tuesday.
The judges referred to the earlier case of Dan James, a 23-year-old British rugby player who died in an assisted suicide last year. She has said she wants the option to travel abroad to have an assisted death should her condition deteriorate. Debbie Purdy, 45, had asked the Court of Appeal to clarify Britain's laws on assisted suicide -- an option she has said she wants if her pain one day becomes unbearable.
A salmonella outbreak linked to a peanut butter plant has sickened nearly 500 people, the CDC says. Inspectors found mildew on a ceiling and other problems last year at a peanut butter producing plant in Georgia that has been linked to a salmonella outbreak, according to reports released Monday by the state Department of Agriculture. Moisture was blamed for an unrelated salmonella outbreak two years ago.
He raises doubts about the efficiency of human power and questioned its economic viability. Gambarota believed there were ways human power could be brought into practical use in the home. The same could be done for television sets. "
The industrial chemical has recently been found in Chinese-made milk products that have sickened nearly 53,000 children in China, killing four. Last week, Cadbury recalled all of its Chinese-made candy products after preliminary tests showed they contained trace amounts of melamine. Hong Kong authorities Sunday announced that two recalled candy products made by British confectioner Cadbury had high levels of melamine.
An American Airlines Boeing 757 made an emergency landing at Los Angeles International Airport an hour after taking off because the crew smelled smoke in the cockpit, a fire department official said. Flight 31 was headed from Los Angeles to Honolulu, Hawaii. The pilot requested an emergency landing as a precaution, Hotard said.
2008 -- German scientist Harald zur Hausen wins a Nobel Prize for his research that found that oncogenic human papilloma virus, or HPV, causes cervical cancer, the second most common cancer among women. Late 1960s -- Lars Leksell develops the Gamma Knife -- a radiosurgical tool that uses a high dose of radiation to eradicate cancerous cells. 1980s -- Anti-nausea drugs are developed to suppress the side effects of chemotherapy.
One of the suspects is believed to have conducted more than 12 attacks since July. " The suspects included 45 men from al Qaeda in Iraq and 21 suspected terrorists from an umbrella group of al Qaeda in Iraq known as The Islamic State of Iraq, the statement said. Col.
It cited figures saying that 70 percent of elderly men suffer from the condition. Everyone has the right to be happy," said Marcelo Ebrard Casaubon, governor of the federal district that encompasses the Mexican capital. " -- Beginning December 1, Mexico City plans to hand out free medicine to elderly men with erectile dysfunction, the local government said.
In the study of 1,965 patients undergoing the CT scans (also known as cardiac CT angiography), the median exposure was roughly equivalent to 600 chest X-rays, or about 12 milliSievert (mSv) of radiation, according to the report in this week's issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association. A new study suggests that people who get the common heart test can get a dramatic range of radiation exposures. Having a CT scan of the heart to check for heart disease?
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, recovering from pancreatic cancer surgery, plans to be back on the bench when the Supreme Court resumes oral arguments in 17 days. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg also had surgery for colorectal cancer in September 1999. She never missed a day on the bench.
The outlook for the Iberian lynx is even worse, with only an estimated 150 still surviving, making it the most endangered cat species on earth. It is very worrying. Among marine mammals the situation is even more grave, with some 22 percent of total numbers being pushed towards annihilation.
Siemionow had medical and ethical clearance for a full facial transplant since 2004. In the surgery, 80 percent of the woman's face was transplanted. Read about the first facial transplant Some candidates for a face transplant are survivors of trauma, such as burn or accident victims, who have exhausted all other reconstructive possibilities.
Sullenberger and his crew safely landed the damaged airplane, believed to have hit a flock of birds, in the Hudson on January 15. On behalf of the other four crew members of Flight 1549 and also on behalf of the many thousands of aviation professionals whose daily devotion to duty keeps air travel safe, I gratefully accept this recognition," he said. There are legislators upstairs that are negotiating and working on a budget -- [we] need a great hero in a state capitol."
Preparing for her trip, UK-based Winnie discovered that the United States was one of 70 countries worldwide that either banned or restricted inbound travel for people with HIV. " Boorman told CNN that the bans and restrictions further the spread of the epidemic by driving the issue underground and force people to lie about their health on visa applications. HIV positive Winnie Sseruma was repeatedly questioned before being allowed into the United States.
Just after 7 a.m. Tuesday in the fifth district of Kabul, Afghanistan, a suicide bomber struck a bus carrying Afghan police and civilians. Afghan I-Reporter S. Samimi sent this photo of a bus struck by a suicide bomber on Tuesday. He talked about the bombing with his family. "
The defense ministry said rebels were firing at and killing civilians who were trying to flee the fighting. " They have fought for an independent homeland for the country's Tamil minority since 1983 in a civil war has left more than 65,000 people dead. Earlier this month, troops regained control of the northern town of Elephant Pass, the point at which mainland Sri Lanka links to the northern Jaffna peninsula.
The meeting comes after the U.S. State Department criticized Myanmar for arresting 10 democracy activists. " Military leaders in Myanmar, which is also known as Burma, let Suu Kyi leave her house to meet with senior leaders of the National League for Democracy, the source said. The leading champion of democracy in Myanmar, Aung San Suu Kyi, emerged from house arrest Wednesday to meet with political supporters, a diplomatic source told CNN.
He will reach his goal of 100 murals in the summer of 2008 in Beijing, China. Those two whales became the subject for his first Whaling Wall in 1981 in Laguna Beach, California. Art can play a role in the 21st century for conservation of clean water and healthy oceans," he says. "
According to the chief minister of Pakistan's North West Frontier Province, some 1.5 million people have been displaced by 10 months of fighting between the military and Taliban militants along its border with Afghanistan. A curfew was relaxed until 2 p.m. local time Friday in Kabal, Kanju and Mingora -- in the Swat Valley -- and in Malakand Agency, which is a separate district. she asked.
The man, 39-year-old Brendan Sokaluk, did not appear in Monday's hearing in Melbourne Magistrates' Court, the Australian Associated Press reported. An order banning the publishing of Sokaluk's street address or his image remains in place. A court has lifted a ban on identifying a man charged with one of a number of deadly wildfires that scorched southeastern Australia this month.
-- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in Lebanon on Sunday to pledge U.S. support for the country and its push for free elections. Lebanon President Michel Sleiman greets U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Sunday. " The people of Lebanon must be able to choose their own representatives in open and fair elections, without the specter of violence or intimidation, and free of outside interference," Clinton said during an unannounced visit to Beirut.
He said an echocardiogram showed her condition was "extremely severe." From our perspective, this was a very routine procedure, and we expect her to make an excellent recovery," Dr. Gerald Lawrie told reporters at Methodist DeBakey Heart & Vascular Center in Houston. The surgeon who performed heart surgery Wednesday on former first lady Barbara Bush said Thursday that she is recovering well from the 2 1/2-hour surgery in which her aortic valve was replaced with a pig valve.
Julian E. Zelizer says it's vital that new media provide support for journalism that strives for objectivity. Not believing that the norm of objectivity is attainable, they prefer to present their political views openly and tend to be much more partisan in how they interpret world events. Last week, Sen. John Kerry convened a discussion of the troubled state of journalism in America by way of a hearing by the Senate Commerce Committee's Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, and the Internet.
Almost 20,000 of them are braving chilly nights in tents while about 11,000 others are staying in hotels, said Agostino Miozzo, a spokesman for the Italian Civil Protection Agency. The oldest had lived nearly a hundred. My son died here," she said. "
Some of the $85 million in hurricane relief supplies given away as federal surplus will be sent back to Louisiana and given to nonprofit agencies for distribution, the state's hurricane recovery office said Tuesday. A CNN investigation revealed last week that FEMA gave away the supplies as government surplus, even though agencies like Unity -- which works to resettle hurricane victims -- were still seeking the kind of supplies given away. It's just another example of the failings of the federal bureaucracy," Landrieu said last week.
The $15 service fee will not apply to customers flying in United First or United Business or who have premier status with United or Star Alliance airline network, the carrier said. United said it estimates that the $15 fee will apply to one out of three customers, and the potential revenue from baggage handling service fees, including those for checking a first and second bag, will be approximately $275 million a year. Some airlines have been adding fees to once-free benefits, such as snacks.
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir landed in Qatar on Sunday for an Arab League summit, a move that could put him at risk of arrest on war crimes charges leveled by a U.N. tribunal. Omar al-Bashir is the subject of an ICC arrest warrant over allaged war crimes in Darfur. CNN's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report.
File photo) In an exclusive telephone interview Friday night with CNN, Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said the Taliban intelligence wing was actively gathering information on foreign aid workers. " In the 15-minute interview, arranged by an intermediary for CNN, Hanafi repeated the Taliban's pledge to keep girls out of public schools. " He added that he was telling "Afghan brothers not to work with NGOs."
The Prison Service wanted to find a better way to dispose of the mattresses -- a "zero-waste" solution that also cost less money, the NAO said. There are enough of them each year to fill 30 double-decker buses, the National Audit Office said Thursday. Most of the mattresses are sent to landfills.
The group said more than 1,900 people have died in this outbreak since January. Doctors Without Borders has embarked on a massive vaccination campaign in three African countries to combat an outbreak of meningitis that has killed hundreds of people, the organization said Wednesday. Doctors Without Borders, widely known by its French name, Medecins Sans Frontieres, said medical teams have treated and vaccinated 5.4 million people and plan on vaccinating another 1.7 million -- making the vaccination campaign the organization's largest ever.
Al Jean thinks that the series' success is also down to its wide appeal. The Screening Room spoke to creator Matt Groening and writer Al Jean in London about everyone's favorite two-dimensional yellow family. Groening believes that a large part of the Simpsons' success is down to the traditional animated techniques used to create it -- and that its hand-drawn charm puts the movie ahead of its CGI rivals.
The guerrillas, who belong to the FARC, the Spanish acronym for Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, were captured, Uribe said. Colombian President Alvaro Uribe says authorities foiled an assassination plot against the country's defense chief. Ten guerrillas dressed as police planned to infiltrate the family farm of Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos over Easter week and kill the official and his family, Uribe said Thursday on national television.
ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its more than four decades of fighting for Basque independence and is listed as a terrorist group by the European Union and the United States. Jurdan Martitegui Lizaso is the fifth ETA suspect arrested in France in the past two weeks. Martitegi is the fifth ETA suspect arrested in France in the past two weeks.
iReport.com: What do you think the Obamas should pick? " Huguette Rainforth raised Irish wolfhounds on her farm outside Montreal, Canada, for seven years and thinks the Obamas should get one, too. Chihuahua?
A Song for Spain - Consider what it would be like to have a national anthem without lyrics. No Girls Allowed - Learn why a Florida family is balking at a statewide baseball rule. (CNN Student News) -- January 18, 2008 Quick Guide Focus on: The Economy - Hear about the "r" word, and see how a possible recession could be fought.
Jackson "wrongfully refused to pay or account for such profits," the suit, filed against the singer and Optimum Productions, says. Jackson's lawyers have not responded to the suit, which was filed on January 21. Landis claimed his 1983 contract with Jackson gave him 50 percent of net profits from the 14-minute video and the documentary about the making of it, both works that he directed and co-wrote with Jackson, court documents say.
Hurricane Dean - Find out how some U.S. officials are preparing for Hurricane Dean. Earthquake in Peru: Learn about relief efforts in Peru following a deadly earthquake. (CNN Student News) -- August 20, 2007 Quick Guide Stories of Summer '07 - Catch up on some of the big news stories from the summer of 2007.
In another report Wednesday, ONIC, the indigenous human rights group in Colombia, said the FARC has abducted 120 Awas since February 4. The allegations are based partly on the information provided by the young man who said he escaped. The Awa territories have been particularly affected.
I like things that go bump in the night, and scary things that are fun," she said. " In its opening weekend, "The Haunting in Connecticut" scared and thrilled millions of moviegoers across the country. Something's under the bed, something's in the closet, something's in the mirror.'
Jason Segel and Paul Rudd star in "I Love You, Man," which opens Friday. But he quickly turns serious and maintains that "I Love You, Man" does have a message to go along with its comedy. " The forthcoming "I Love You, Man," which opens Friday, appears to fit the bill.
CNN learned some former Guantanamo detainees have returned to the fight. Saeed Shihri, Prisoner No. Human and legal rights advocates complained that many Gitmo detainees were being held indefinitely without charge.
Diet: Weigh Down Workshop, a faith-based weight loss program. I'm no longer ashamed to go to the beach or wear a bathing suit. Maggie Sorrells lost 300 pounds and went from wearing a size 5X or 64 in men's clothing to a size 6.
Martinez was identified in media reports as the second secretary at the embassy in La Paz, Bolivia's capital. Bolivian President Evo Morales on Monday accused a U.S. diplomat of contacting opposition groups, declared him "persona non grata" and ordered he be expelled. " Goldberg denied the charge.
LYON, France -- Inter Milan have agreed to the transfer of Italian World Cup winning defender Fabio Grosso to six-time French champions Lyon. The Italian League champions Inter Milan decided to release Grosso after a below-par season and just one year at the club. Grosso made 23 Serie-A appearances for Inter Milan last season. "
It's good to see the white Americans appreciate and show love to the new president. He witnessed his mother being mistreated by whites in the South, but he never saw her give up. Bouey grew up in Arkansas and saw racism firsthand.
Editor's Note: CNNU is following two student teams from the University of Southern California as they work to improve the quality of life in India. The University of Southern California Hubli Water and Health Team is spending this summer implementing a project model that will improve these statistics in the community. Over the course of the next year, the Team will employ local college students to maintain the program and monitor the efficiency of the water purification technology.
It may be that the situation on Wall Street is so complex, and the stakes so high, that lawmakers themselves have little confidence in their abilities to map a successful recovery for the industry, so they are relying on the sheer magnitude of their spending and the ingenuity of those left standing on Wall Street to work their market magic and revive the economy. Frank Micciche says Detroit has to justify its bailout while Wall Street is getting more without tough scrutiny. The good news was that, if the federal government can see its way clear to adding another $21 billion or so to the more than $17.4 billion they received in bridge loans in December -- including a cool $7 billion by the end of March to forestall their insolvency -- the companies are confident that they will be able to retool, return to profitability and repay the money provided them.
They all seem to think we need to get a smarter guy in the White House fast, and Bush is so stupid, that task shouldn't be too hard. The only reason John McCain scares me a little less is because I think he's a little less likely to win. Obama is a great leader.
The Padre Anchieta Foundation also happens to boast the biggest archive of Brazilian music in Brazil, including more than 15,000 songs dating from the 1920's to the present. " Plenty, according to the creators of RadarCultura, a community-based Web site and a daily three-hour AM radio program broadcast from Brazil's São Paulo. " Teca Lima, the voice of RadarCultura, consults the Web site before talking into the mic.
Brittany Zimmerman's screams and struggle for her life were captured by a 911 tape. The police said they believe Zimmerman was attacked by a stranger. Her fiance found her body.
If the recommendation is accepted, it could mean that no one in the Haditha case will be tried for murder. Frank Wuterich not be tried for murder. Lt.
Whatever you focus on will become more apparent and will grow. If you focus on happiness, that's what you become more aware of." In other words, it teaches you to focus on how it feels to feel good."
Significant finds have been made," he added. " At this point, we cannot identify what items have been recovered." Though bureau spokesman Richard Kolko said Monday he did not know when tests would be complete, Conway said the FBI is likely to have results "within the next week."
Zardari confirmed he is willing to have Pakistani security officials participate with India in a joint investigation. " Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari says he believes the Mumbai attackers were "stateless actors." " Indian intelligence sources have told CNN's sister network, CNN-IBN, that police believe all the attackers were Pakistanis.
The Environmental Working Group says its analysis of hundreds of studies of more than a dozen sunscreen chemicals finds that oxybenzone can penetrate the skin and pose health concerns, anything from hormone disruption to cancer. Consumers should rest assured that sunscreen products are safe and effective when used as directed." The Environmental Working Group, a Washington-based nonprofit, has released an investigation of nearly 1,000 brand-name sunscreens that says four out of five don't adequately protect consumers and may contain harmful chemicals.
Pinter, who had been suffering from cancer, died on Christmas Eve, according to the reports. He received the Nobel Prize in literature in 2005. He was 78.
In 2007, her office door was spray-painted with a swastika. ( The NYPD Hate Crimes Unit is leading the investigation into the incident. -- Three professors and a former professor at Columbia University's Teachers College received hate mail this week, the New York Police Department said.
Since 2003, the World Health Organization has confirmed 404 human cases worldwide. -- Two teams of scientists say they have found a key area of the H5N1 bird flu virus which seems to be vital to its ability to copy itself, and hope the discovery could lead to new drugs to fight the infection. Nearly two-thirds of the victims have died.
IFCO records suggests that as many as 6,000 illegal immigrants worked at company plants from 2003 to 2006, the Justice Department said. IFCO Systems North America, a pallet and crate company, will pay a $20.7 million settlement, which includes $18.1 million in fines and $2.6 million for overtime violations, the Department of Justice said. The Justice Department said it will not pursue criminal charges against the company if it complies with the terms of the settlement. "
The search was centered about 15 miles east of Cancun, Mexico, in the Caribbean Sea, said Petty Officer 3rd Class Nick Ameen, a Coast Guard spokesman. " Initial reports indicate the guest may have gone overboard while the ship was at sea, east of Cancun," a spokeswoman for the Miami-based Norwegian Cruise Line said in a statement. Lt.
Prime Minister Romano Prodi met with the interior and environment ministers in Rome after President Giorgio Napolitano, who is from Naples, said he was alarmed by the crisis. Collectors stopped picking up rubbish on December 21, saying that dumps are full. On Monday, the government called on the army to help with emergency trash collection for the second time in a year.
Chan holds the Guinness World Record for "Most Stunts By A Living Actor." Unsurprisingly, Chan has suffered a litany of injuries in the course of his film career. He created a new film art form, mixing humor with martial arts," Witterstaetter said. "
Britain's Prince William received his Royal Air Force pilot's wings at a graduation ceremony Friday. His father, Prince Charles, presented the wings to his son and 24 other graduating students at the ceremony, held at the Cranwell Air Force base in northern England. E-mail to a friend
Police arrested Hakim Scott, 25, on Tuesday and charged him with second degree murder as a hate crime. Jose Sucuzhanay, 31, died of his injuries in December hours before his mother arrived in New York from Ecuador. New York police have made an arrest in the case of an Ecuadorian immigrant beaten to death in an apparent anti-Latino and antigay hate crime in December, New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly announced Wednesday.
Australian luxury yacht captain Drew Gollan was killed in January in English Harbor, Antigua. Last week, U.S. luxury yacht chef Sara Kuszak, of Savannah, Georgia, was killed after being abducted during a morning run in Puerto Rico. On January 22, Australian Drew Gollan, captain of Perini Navi yacht Perseus, was shot dead in what was described as a "failed robbery" in English Harbor, Antigua.
Ingmar Guandique is serving a 10-year sentence for two assaults in the park where Levy's body was found. A judge on Tuesday signed an arrest warrant for Ingmar Guandique, 27, who is serving a 10-year sentence for two assaults in Rock Creek Park that occurred around the time of Levy's disappearance. They got me now.
Tambunting, who worked for Jacmel for 28 years, has returned about $7 million worth of gold, but $4 million remains missing, according to Brown. " Tambunting faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted. Stealing jewelry is relatively simple."
Investors were not given investment statements and were not charged a management fee, but Parente did provide notices informing investors that he owed them money, according to the source. Police say Stephanie Parente's father killed his family and himself in a Baltimore hotel Monday. -- More than $20 million from dozens of clients is unaccounted for in the aftermath of what police say was a murder-suicide by the attorney who invested the money, according to a source with direct knowledge of deceased lawyer William Parente's financial dealings.
It's now four years later, and I do see dawn has broken," Lefkow told a crowd of friends and federal officials gathered at the Marshals Service headquarters across the Potomac River from Washington. Judge Joan Lefkow has advocated improving judicial security since her husband and mother were killed. -- The federal judge whose husband and mother were slain in their family home in Chicago, Illinois, four years ago was honored Monday by U.S. marshals charged with combating a growing number of threats to the judiciary.
U.S. senior officials familiar with the case say the administration is holding off sending a nuclear deal with the United Arab Emirates to Congress for ratification because they fear a fallout from the torture story. Nabulsi, a Lebanese-born U.S. citizen living in Houston, says he met Sheikh Issa when the royal came to Houston for medical care in 1994. Bristow asked.
Goydos posted six birdies to hold a three-stroke lead after 36 holes of the Texas Open. But it was to be the only blemish on his card as the 2008 Players Championship runner-up knocked off six birdies for a five-under 65 to get to 12- under-par. " Paul Goydos pulled ahead of overnight co-leader Justin Leonard to move into a three-stroke lead at the halfway point of the Valero Texas Open.
Photos obtained by CNN include one that shows the Thai army towing a boatload of some 190 refugees. The 78 refugees will be handed over on January 31 to immigration police, who will deport them. The Thai army has denied the allegations.
Ray lived very cheaply on the run. When Ray underwent plastic surgery in Los Angeles 30 days before King's death, he paid in cash -- denomination unknown. John Light, who was chief of detectives that year in Ray's hometown of Alton, Illinois, suspects the wad of money came from a still-unsolved bank robbery.
The politically active band Rage Against the Machine, which played a free show in Denver, has scheduled a Minneapolis concert, though it's far from free: Tickets are $60 for the show at the Target Center on Wednesday. Paul, Minnesota. Now it's the Republicans' turn.
King: Speaking of optimism, in March, President Obama lifted the ban on federal financing for embryonic stem cell research. Here are some excerpts from the show. Fox: Yes.
Hussein, who has HIV, said he "purposely cut one of his fingers with a razor so he could bleed on the letter," according to an affidavit by Terry L. Cullivan, an investigator with the U.S. Postal Inspection Service. One was addressed to the Illinois Department on Aging, and the second to "Emanuel," which investigators believe was intended for Obama aide Rahm Emanuel. The letter, postmarked December 27 and written in an Ethiopian language, was addressed to Obama at the Illinois Department on Aging in Springfield, Illinois.
Coming much sooner: the expansion of the family lane program to every airport in the country starting Thursday. What's not changing for the foreseeable future: taking your shoes off at security. Those restrictions could be eased next year with the help of advanced X-ray machines that can be upgraded with software, like computers, White said. "
The A1C test, which consists of a simple blood test, is also more convenient than the two tests commonly used for diabetes -- the fasting plasma glucose and the oral glucose tolerance test -- the authors said. Still, controversy likely will arise over the use of the A1C in diagnostics because of the long, established track record of using the other two methods, Bornstein said. Uncontrolled diabetes is characterized by too much glucose in the bloodstream.
Meanwhile, consistent with the demonizing subtext of this theme, President Bush attacked (rather incongruously, but with plenty of antecedents in Republican history) "The Angry Left" -- perhaps an attempt to stigmatize those who would question Sarah Palin's credentials. It's those same themes that John McCain, who once rejected the approach, has now embraced as the only way to the White House. " Perhaps the most extreme example of the implication that the Republicans have a lock on patriotism and "Putting Country First" came in video footage of a first-responder going underwater to rescue occupants of a car that plummeted in the Minneapolis bridge collapse. (
It is possible that the spot may one day disappear, he added. " The spot, which is actually an ancient monster storm that measures about three Earths across, lost 15 percent of its diameter between 1996 and 2006, scientists at the University of California, Berkeley, have found. They're Jupiter-strength inside the spot, with some gusting up to 400 miles per hour, Simon-Miller said.
The bay pilot who steered a container ship into the San Francisco Bay Bridge in 2007, causing a massive oil spill, pleaded guilty Friday to violating misdemeanor pollution laws and faces up to 10 months in prison, federal prosecutors said. The Korean-flagged Cosco Busan rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge on November 7, 2007. Prosecutors dropped felony charges against him.
Do you think goal-line technology should be used? The debate about using technology to help referees has been re-ignited following a number of controversial decisions in the Champions League semi-final between Chelsea and Barcelona. The Hawk-Eye system is already widely used in tennis and has transformed the game.
But the straight-speaking Dutchman is loyal to the project he has in charge of the Russian national side and insists he will leave Chelsea at the end of the season regardless. Born in rural Varsseveld, near the German border, in 1946, Hiddink's early years were unremarkable. Enjoying success around the world -- at different levels with different players in different cultures -- has made Guus Hiddink one of the most admired bosses around.
That's why the retired Vietnam veteran has stood outside at Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah, Georgia, for the past four years as a beacon of pride and support, welcoming home returning soldiers and wishing "Godspeed" to those deploying. " He says learned he had chemical diabetes nearly 10 years ago after he was exposed to Agent Orange during his Vietnam tours. Walt Peters knows what it's like to fear for his life.
Dave Schweidenback saw transformative effects of bikes while in the Peace Corps in Ecuador from 1977-80. Since 1991, Schweidenback's nonprofit Pedals for Progress has collected and shipped more than 115,000 used bicycles to 32 developing countries worldwide, where they are sold at a low cost to local residents like Don Roberto Garcia. " They] give people access to jobs, health care and education that is too distant for walking."
Olafur Ragnar Grimsson is currently enjoying a third term as President of the Republic of Iceland. Since first being elected in 1996, Grimsson has been a passionate advocate of international cooperation in combating climate change. Olafur Ragnar Grimsson Whilst Iceland still imports oil for its transport, electricity is generated from hydroelectric power.
The goal is to create a harmonious coexistence of humans and nature," said Callebaut. In practice, Callebaut envisages the Lilypad sailing the seas, following currents like a futuristic cruise ship. The Lilypad, a floating ecopolis for climatic refugees, is the creation of Belgian architect Vincent Callebaut. "
It will cost €110 ($150) per night. The Jumbo Hostel is currently being refurbished and will open for business in December 2008. Jumbo Hostel is scheduled to open for business in December 2008 and will provide accommodation for up to 85 guests.
CNN spoke to Keith Garner, an architect and member of the Battersea Power Station Community Group about the new proposals. Battersea Power Station is a Grade II* listed building. Consequently, Garner doesn't believe that the new plans are credible. "
They also will be asked who they would vote for if the election were held today and who they think will win the nomination. Afterwards, they'll be asked who they think did the best. Responses will be represented by a moving line on a video monitor.
They have strong family values, they're deeply rooted in their community and they want to show their girls a great example of achievement. Burt-Murray: They try to take a look at who is around the family and make sure they try to keep things as structured as possible. Angela Burt-Murray is editor-in-chief of Essence magazine.
As part of the U.S. strategy in Afghanistan, the military and Afghanistan government are attempting to reach out to elements of the Taliban who are engaged in the battle for financial gain, rather than ideological gain. " -- The Taliban in Afghanistan have momentum that makes any effort to negotiate with them difficult, the U.S. defense secretary said. And until that momentum changes, it will be difficult."
The worldwide economic recession has exposed a "crisis of global governance" that can only be addressed by the radical reform of the United Nations, former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan said Wednesday as the World Economic Forum got under way in Switzerland. We've been living in the Western world way above our means. Kofi Annan says the United Nations needs to be reformed. "
This week, the Taliban moved to seize control of the neighboring Buner district, bringing it closer to Islamabad than it has been since Taliban insurgency began. Taliban militants, who implemented Islamic law in Pakistan's violence-plagued Swat Valley last week, have now taken control of a neighboring district. The alpine region once was one of Pakistan's premier tourist destinations, boasting the nation's only ski resort until it was shut down after Taliban militants overran the area.
In 11 years, Kid One's fleet of vans has ferried more than 16,000 kids to and from scheduled medical-related appointments all over Alabama. Russell Jackson started Kid One, which has ferried thousands of children to medical appointments. " We found that there were 80,000-plus children in Alabama living in a home with no car," Jackson says. "
We are creatures of habit," Grimsson offered by way of explanation, adding that "it usually takes a crisis to bring about change". In a response to an emailed question about whether the developed world should face sanctions for not meeting any targets set by the international community on climate change, Dr Joseph Adelegan called for aid to help poorer countries --like the ones in Africa -- find alternatives to fossil fuels. Join the debate.
The Great Crash and the Great Depression were two separate events. Later, as prosperity returned and the market began soaring, the restraints were gradually removed and the pattern of excess began anew until it collapsed once again in our own time. The Crash was a financial panic, the Depression an economic downturn.
Obama on Wednesday officially became the first African American to lead a major party ticket. iReport.com: "Never thought I'd see this day" Former President Bill Clinton reflected on the significance of the moment in his address before the Democratic National Convention. He's going to the White House.
Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana. Health experts have said Harare's failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals is the main driver of the disease. But the situation has not immediately improved.
Steven Good was found dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot Monday, police said. The body of Steven L. Good was found in his Jaguar on Monday. -- One of Chicago's most well-known real estate moguls appears to have shot himself to death, police said.
Is he ready to be as radical as the moment? We gave the world financial SARs. I'm not in a popularity contest."
The trend is helped by a growing cultural interest in gourmet food and a proliferation of cooking-themed TV shows like the Food Network's "Ace of Cakes" and Bravo's "Top Chef." It just wasn't fun anymore." It's fast.
Now residing in New York, he gained wide-spread international recognition at the Venice Biennale in 1999, winning the Golden Lion prize. The Chinese artist is about to show the world what he can do with a spectacular pyrotechnics display at the opening of the Olympic Games in Beijing. I am not very brave.
Testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime. As for Shanteau's swimming career, he plans to compete in the 2009 World Swimming Championship in Rome, Italy. " Nearly 140,000 men in the United States are testicular cancer survivors.
So, we can send all of the agents in the world down to the border. Watch Clinton say, "We have to do a better job" » Robert Strang, former DEA special agent: Let's face it, the average first drug use is 12 years old in our country. 1 consumer in the world for these drugs.
In this series, Americans tell their stories about guns on a first-hand basis, providing a more intimate look at a topic that is often ignored until gun violence erupts. In a 5-4 ruling, the U.S. Supreme Court rejected Washington, D.C.'s, ban on handgun ownership, saying it violates the constitutional right to "keep and bear arms" by preventing individuals from having guns in their homes. Americans have varied feelings about guns.
Islamic Jihad sources claimed responsibility for firing the rockets. Two Qassam rockets were fired Friday morning from Gaza into separate Israeli communities, the Israel Defense Forces said. The pledge applied to all militant groups in the coastal territory, including Islamic Jihad.
Otis Blunt, left, and Jose Espinosa escaped from the Union County Jail Saturday night, officials say. Two inmates at New Jersey's Union County Jail made a movie-style escape Saturday and remained at large Monday, according to Union County Prosecutor Ted Romankow. According to police, Blunt tried to escape in September using similar methods.
Julian E. Zelizer says Democrats should be questioning themselves on several key points. The first is: What are the issues on which Democrats are willing to compromise with Republicans, if any? The second question is: Where are Democrats willing to renege on campaign promises?
More than 80 percent of children in child care institutions have both their parents, according to the most recent survey conducted in 2006 by the Indonesian government. Nuraini runs a small shop the family opened to try to make ends meet. Be tough.
What the Pakistan government would also need to do is convince its people that outside support and help is in their best interests to deal with terrorism and stabilize the country. What options are open to the Pakistan government and other countries? Taliban advances in Pakistan are raising concerns in Islamabad and capitals as far away as Washington.
A senior GM official official told CNN that the White House and its auto task force had "sent very clear signals" that the key to more help was "new leadership" and something that would help the administration see real change. Meanwhile, White House and GM sources told CNN Sunday that GM Chief Executive Rick Wagoner will resign as part of the federal government's bailout strategy for the troubled automaker. GM and Chrysler face a Tuesday deadline to prove to the Treasury Department that they can be viable in the long term.
I was expecting a very different girl," Sitko said. " She became, according to a CNN story, the "girl who refuses to remember." The shocked girl who aid workers met a year ago has changed, Sitko said.
Environmentalists are encouraged by President Barack Obama's focus this week on renewable energy and stricter emissions standards, although some economists are skeptical he can pull the country out of the recession while cleaning up the planet. Framing his remarks with an eye on the recession, the president on Monday announced a plan for "a new energy economy that will build millions of jobs." Government can push new policies, but it has to prove to be economically competitive or else it will not happen." "
U.S. and South Korean officials have said that North Korea appears to be preparing to test-fire its long-range missile, the Taepodong-2, under the guise of launching a satellite into space. Tensions have ramped up in recent days, as North Korea threatened retaliation in the event of an interception of its "satellite" launch. South Korea has defended the joint exercises. "
An American staff sergeant -- a sniper section leader -- used a Quran for target practice in Iraq earlier this month. Al-Maliki's office on Tuesday said Bush issued an apology for the action on behalf of the United States and "promised to present the soldier to the courts." The party said it reacted to the news "with deep resentment and indignation" and wants the "severest of punishments" for the action. "
British Airways has confirmed it will launch its first transatlantic flights from continental European cities once the agreement comes into place next year. The choice of transatlantic routes is set to increases with the advent of the Open Skies agreement. Airline executives agree that growth in transatlantic flights as a result of the Open Skies agreement will be aimed at business customers.
-- The United Nations has sent police and military patrols to a camp in western Sudan after reports fighting there killed civilians, a U.N. spokesman said Tuesday. The U.N. African Union Mission in Darfur said it sent police and military patrols to Kalma to confirm the details of the incident and provide assistance. A file photo of refugees queuing for food in the Kalma camp in western Sudan.
There have been nearly 25,000 suspected cases and more than 1,500 deaths in the meningitis belt in the first 11 weeks of the year, W.H.O. reported. -- More than 200 people have died of meningitis in the past week alone in Niger and Nigeria, according to the World Health Organization. The disease is an epidemic in 76 areas of the two countries, the health agency reported Wednesday.
Tens of thousands of people gathered at a football stadium in Cameroon to see the pope. Tens of thousands of people packed a soccer stadium in Cameroon Thursday, including President Paul Biya and his wife, for the first large-scale mass of Pope Benedict XVI's first visit to Africa. Benedict drew cheers at the mass at the 40,000-seat Amadou Ahidjo Stadium when he told worshippers that God had not forgotten orphans, poor and abused children, and those "forced to join paramilitary forces," Cameroon TV reported.
Jacob Zuma is expected to win the country's upcoming presidential election. Opposition parties are accusing prosecutors of buckling under pressure from the ruling party. Prosecutors dropped corruption charges Monday against South Africa's ruling party president Jacob Zuma, who is expected to win the presidential race later this month.
I think I prefer to stay here in Paris." One name touted as a possible replacement is Carine Roitfeld, the highly respected editor in chief of Vogue Paris. But I'm very happy.
In five years of war the U.N. says more than four million people have been affected: Two-and-a-half million people forced from their homes and more than 300,000 killed. Twenty-two others were wounded in the attack, which was immediately condemned by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. " UNAMID is the acronym for the U.N.-AU mission in Darfur.
Diana, Princess of Wales, died in a Paris car crash 12 years ago. Prince William was only 15 and his brother Prince Harry 12 when Diana died in a Paris car crash along with Dodi Fayed in 1997. Listen to Prince William discuss his mother. »
-- The future of Detroit is electric cars, the governor of Michigan declared in an opinion piece on Newsweek's Web site. Sastry said public opinion toward energy conservation is a major factor in the companies being willing to take the risk of creating the new types of cars. " The Chevy Volt is one of the electric cars being developed by Michigan's auto industry. "
He told CNN that Saberi, whom he described as his fiancee, is caught in a "game of politics." A well-known Iranian filmmaker has written an open letter calling for the release of journalist Roxana Saberi. In a letter, Iranian filmmaker Bahman Ghobadi blames himself for urging Roxana Saberi to stay in Iran.
100 Yen shops are great value for money. Few ATMs accept foreign cards, although you should have more luck at post offices and branches of Citibank. 100 Yen shops These bargain stores are hugely popular in Tokyo, selling everything from food to toiletries for ¥100 plus ¥5 tax -- about $1.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Thursday announced it is blocking the import from China of five species of seafood until their importers can prove they are not contaminated. The species cited are catfish, eel, shrimp, basa and dace, he said. E-mail to a friend
But the space-age topography of Tokyo has been shaped by a history of catastrophe. There's a sci-fi familiarity to areas like Shibuya, Shinjuku and Akihabara; the skyscrapers glowing with illuminated signs, subway stops inside shopping malls and taxis with automated doors could be straight out of "Blade Runner" or "The Fifth Element." After centuries of expansion, Tokyo has grown vertically to accommodate its 12 million residents.
Watch part of the NICU evacuation » "There was at least a six- to eight-hour delay in evacuating the babies," said Dr. Kevin Jordan, chief medical officer of Touro Infirmary in New Orleans, which sent seven NICU babies to Woman's Hospital. " It was very, very, very disorganized." The NICU babies are our first priority when it comes to evacuation," said Keith Darcey, a spokesman for East Jefferson General Hospital in Metairie, Louisiana, where Brayden was a patient before being evacuated to Woman's Hospital in Baton Rouge, Lousiana.
The refugee situation in Pakistan could be a bigger threat than fighting with Taliban, U.N. says. " On Tuesday, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced $110 million in humanitarian aid for Pakistani refugees. The first pictures from the fighting » The refugee crisis could pose a bigger threat to stability in Pakistan than the war itself, U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres told CNN while touring a refugee camp in the nearby Swabi district last week.
We need to support him where we can, and we need -- we want the best for America. So we need to pray for him. Rick Warren: Shop more or pray more? »
The two, some of the child stars of the Oscar-winning "Slumdog Millionaire" movie, know the Indian slum well. The children in their party outfits on the red carpet were in full agreement with the woman in the middle of the slum: "It's unbelievable!" Azharuddin Ismail and Rubina Ali got to leave their homes in Mumbai to go to Hollywood for the Oscars.
A police official in the Anbar province city of Falluja told CNN that a large number of security forces were scouring its Sinaie district for an array of weapons -- machine guns, mortars, rocket-propelled grenades and small arms. The vast and predominantly Sunni Arab Anbar province was a battleground between the U.S. military and al Qaeda in Iraq during the earlier years of the Iraq war. The tribe-based awakening forces rejected al Qaeda in Iraq and turned their allegiances toward the U.S. and Iraqi government.
People in Singapore queue outside the office of AIA, a subsidiary of AIG. The funds maintained in Singapore are segregated from American International Group, Inc. (AIG) and are held specifically for the purpose of meeting our obligations to policyholders." The crowd formed just hours after the U.S. Federal Reserve Board authorized the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to lend $85 billion to a crumbling AIG.
The Rudolph Giuliani of 2008 first shamelessly turned the horror of 9/11 into a lucrative business, with a secret client list, then exploited his city's and the country's nightmare to promote his presidential campaign," the paper writes, describing Giuliani as "a narrow, obsessively secretive, vindictive man." The paper praised Clinton's chief rival, Sen. Barack Obama, but called Clinton more qualified for the job. " Senator John McCain of Arizona is the only Republican who promises to end the George Bush style of governing from and on behalf of a small, angry fringe," the paper's editorial board wrote. "
The Rev. Martin Luther King is looking down on the United States, smiling, Otis Sutton said Wednesday. What Woods did for golf, Sutton said, Obama has done for politics. We're going to try to get it out of every dictionary known to man," he said. "
The statement was written by Mula Birather, a Taliban chief of at least 12 military groups in Afghanistan. A Taliban leader has instructed fighters in Afghanistan to target U.S. and other coalition troops in response to the United States sending more troops into the war. The statement comes as U.S. troops begin increased deployments in Afghanistan.
Alex Castellanos says stimulus bill is a cover for a bold plan for government to rule key parts of private sector. We have to make sure Americans are secure in their health care and jobs, their incomes and energy. We can't let innovation run wild on Wall Street or Main Street.
As a result, more and more Palestinians are convinced the only way to beat the Israelis is to join them, to discard failed attempts at creating a Palestinian state in an ever smaller, ever more economically unviable territory, and go for what is known as the one-state solution. The one-state solution is an anathema to many Israelis, who are well aware that, with their higher birth-rate, Palestinians (those living within Israel proper, plus Jerusalem, the West Bank and Gaza) could well become a majority within a generation. An Israeli soldier confronts Palestinian protesters during a demonstration Friday in the West Bank village of Jayyus.
Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Thursday that House committees will begin action on President-elect Barack Obama's proposed economic recovery package in the next couple of weeks, with a vote in the full House slated for the week after Obama's inauguration. Speaker Nancy Pelosi says the House will not go on a break until an economic recovery package is passed. Twenty dollars a week?
But people got by because they had a wonderful spirit of survival. Henney says the Great Depression toughened people up. We're talking, of course, about the Great Depression ... of 1873.
Youssif and his surgeon, Dr. Peter Grossman, shake hands at the end of their Wednesday visit. -- Youssif faces eight to 10 operations, possibly more, over the next six to eight months. He also will undergo psychological therapy to help him better adapt to all that has happened to him.
Fatima Bhutto is a successful columnist, author and poet; a staunch critic of Pervez Musharraf's government. Instead, she said, the country is run by power grabbers. " She said her main political goal is to empower Pakistan's largely disenfranchised masses and end what she calls the perpetual cycle of "dynastic" cronyism.
The Sarkozys announced on Thursday they were divorcing by mutual consent after 11 years of marriage. The wife of French President Nicolas Sarkozy has spoken for the first time about the reasons her divorce in an interview with a French newspaper. It is no longer my place," she was quoted as saying.
He hopes that the party will take a new direction and reach out to more people. " The Republican National Committee selected Michael Steele to become its chairman Friday during its annual winter meeting after the decisive victory of President Obama in November. He feels that the GOP needs to make greater efforts to reach out to minorities and young people if party members hope for success.
Chris Molisani of Rochester, New York, says September 11 was a defining moment, not just for Bush's presidency, but also in his own life. She said she is glad to see Obama's rise as a result. She says she is now a registered Democrat who voted for Barack Obama.
I have begun to see my son's lively spirit return. Youssif began attending an American school just last month, one year to the day after he was so savagely attacked in Baghdad. No hurt."
There were also gongs for Spain's Penelope Cruz, who took home Supporting Actress for her fiery scene-stealing performance as an unhinged artist in Woody Allen's "Vicky Cristina Barcelona," and the late Heath Ledger whose chilling reinvention of the Joker in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight" was recognized with the Supporting Actor award. Watch Kate Winslet talking about her "amazing year" on the red carpet. Despite the rain, "Slumdog Millionaire" shone brightly at the British Academy Awards Sunday, scooping a clutch of honors. "
Former Dutch international Clarence Seedorf has revealed he is flattered to be linked with a move to Premier League Chelsea but insists he will still be an AC Milan player next season. Clarence Seedorf wants to remain with AC Milan, despite Carlo Ancelotti's recent switch to Chelsea. I hope to still play for at the San Siro for at least three or four more years.
At the last cheese census more than 1,000 different kinds of cheeses were made here. Despite those who've quit, the actual number of the variety of cheeses in France is growing. It has now a larger annual turnover than the steel industry in France (which admittedly is in decline.)
Swedish director Ingmar Bergman is the only other film-maker to have received the Palme d'Or for lifetime achievement from the Cannes Film Festival. The American film-maker accepted the Palme d'Or (only the second they've ever given for lifetime achievement), while he was in town promoting his new film "Gran Torino." Clint Eastwood stars as inspector Harry Callahan in "Dirty Harry" (1971).
Directors set to shoot have included Terry Gilliam, Darren Aronofsky, Paul Greengrass and David Hayter (whose script has been retained for much of the final film). What Alan Moore might think is another issue. Note smiley badge.
One of the "Students Sailing Autonomously" (SSA) team's project managers, Hendrik Erckens, told CNN that if the Atlantic crossing succeeds it will be a world record as an unmanned boat has not previously made the voyage. The autonomous yacht Avalon is hoisted to have her keel put in place before launching The four-meter boat, "Avalon", was designed and built by an eight-strong team of third-year engineering students at Swiss science university ETH Zurich. The designers behind a "thinking" yacht are hoping to break a world record by sending it across the Atlantic Ocean without any human assistance.
U.S. President Barack Obama won a battle against Somali pirates. The Obama administration is already managing wars in two countries. Wait and see whether it's really willing to risk a third.
Cole's need for a kidney donation was highly publicized, including with an appearance on CNN's "Larry King Live" on March 31. " Natalie Cole received a kidney transplant Tuesday in Los Angeles. I couldn't breathe.
Seven of the nine high court members were named by GOP presidents. Those sources say women candidates will be at or near the top of the list of finalists. " Sotomayor is near the top of the list of many sources consulted by CNN.
With the clock ticking (the Democratic VP candidate delivers a big speech next Wednesday) the announcement is at most days and at least a few hours away. Sen. Barack Obama has a big event scheduled Saturday. Along with Biden, Sen. Evan Bayh of Indiana and Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine are considered to be among the top tier of VP contenders.
The 22-year-old New York native has lived in China on and off for a year and is fascinated by the bomb shelter and its history. Armed with a flashlight, Frisch veered off from the mandatory guided tour. Not surprisingly, the time-warped part of the Underground City remains his favorite. "
Post your comments in the Sound Off box below, and we'll publish the best. Or should we focus on fixing things here on Earth first? We want to hear your views.
I grew up on the sea and I grew up sailing -- I love sailing -- and the presence of the sea gives the air and the light a very special quality that I absolutely adore. I refuse even the money side of my business. Connie Nielsen: I absolutely refuse the fame part of my business.
In addition to the deaths of Beddia and Graffagnino, 105 other firefighters were injured combating the blaze. The indictments against the John Galt Corp., Jeffrey Melofchik, Mitchel Alvo and Salvatore DePaola also allege negligent homicide and reckless endangerment. The two firefighters killed in the blaze -- Robert Beddia, 53, and Joseph Graffagnino, 33 -- were caught in a smoke-filled stairwell that prosecutors say was improperly blocked off by barriers erected to seal off floors being stripped of contaminants.
Janine Benyus When self-confessed "nature nerd" Janine Benyus coined the term "biomimicry" in a book she published a decade ago, little did she know it would make her into an household name, rubbing shoulders with Hollywood stars. Named by Time magazine as an environmental hero of 2007, she's now writing the sequel book, "Nature's 100 Best Technologies," and also consults through her firm The Biomimicry Guild, which came about following the massive demand for her knowledge. " Janine coined the term "biomimicry" from the Greek "bios," meaning "life," and "mimesis," meaning "imitate." "
There are some great clubs -- my favorite right now is a place called The Blue Frog -- and there's an active cultural scene. Deepa, 40, was born in Mumbai, where she is now a banking technology consultant, as well as running a company that offers "offbeat sightseeing tours" of six Indian cities, including Mumbai, Delhi and Jaipur. Deepa: We head out of the city -- we run for the hills!
A grand jury indicted Ralph Nicoletti, 18, Michael Contreras, 18, and Brian Carranza, 21, on charges of conspiracy to interfere with voting rights. All three pleaded not guilty in federal court Wednesday afternoon. He's not good.
Wimble cites the example of education, where the number of children not in school worldwide has fallen from around 120 million to around 80 million. " Dr Kamal-Yanni sees three possible outcomes for health in poor countries. Without these key workers, it is questionable whether healthcare in poor countries can be improved.
Botswana has been hailed as one of Africa's success stories and a beacon for democracy on the continent. At its helm is President Ian Khama, the country's former vice president and son of Botswana's founding president. President Ian Khama took office in April 2008 promising steady progress.
Watch what's known about the blast » Police investigators say Taliban or al Qaeda elements could have been involved and they believe the former minister was targeted over his supervision of operations against militants in Pakistan's tribal areas including the restive NWFP. Police raided an Islamic school and arrested seven students hours after a blast in a mosque in northern Pakistan left at least 50 dead and dozens injured, according to an Associated Press report. While Musharraf has promised free and fair parliamentary elections, continued instability in the tribal areas and the threat of attack on large crowds has kept people from attending political rallies and dampened the country's political process.
A former prison secretary has been sentenced to six months in federal prison for having sex with an inmate she was supposed to be supervising, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's office in the District of Colorado said Friday. Janine Sligar, 47, of Wray, Colorado, was sentenced Thursday for sexual abuse of a ward. That summer, they initiated a sexual relationship that included 10 to 20 sessions of oral sex and sexual intercourse, ending in October 2007, it said.
CNN: In the chapter called "National Spirit," you call on political leaders to raise the level of discussion. Angelou: You need to know that you can go somewhere. You will be changed, events will change you, but you have to decide not to be reduced.
Mike Mette, a Chicago police officer, says he acted in self-defense when he punched Jake Gotthard, a student at the University of Dubuque. Mette is currently on unpaid leave from the Chicago Police Department and is appealing his case. Mike Mette has been a Chicago police officer for almost four years.
-- Prosecutors in Florida are taking a new look at the 2007 death of Anna Nicole Smith to see if recent evidence that California investigators gathered might cause them to open an inquiry. A coroner said she died from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs. Prosecutors in Florida are reviewing evidence gathered in California for a probe into Anna Nicole Smith's death.
A Saudi court ruled the 19-year-old had an "illegitimate relationship" with a man who was not her husband, and that she was raped after she and the man were discovered in a "compromising situation, her clothes on the ground." Saudi King Abdullah has pardoned a rape victim who had been sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison in a case that sparked international attention, a Saudi newspaper has reported. The hearing has been postponed.
In national surveys, McCain leads by 2 points, 47 percent to 45 percent, according to CNN's poll of polls released Monday night. The poll of polls does not have a sampling error. Monday marked the first time McCain passed Obama in CNN's poll of polls.
Until recently, Yusufiyah was among the most dangerous places in Iraq. But today, Sunni tribal leaders in this town cooperate with U.S. forces in their battle against foreign fighters and al Qaeda in Iraq. " It's all the roll of the dice.
Organizers are modeling the plan on a hugely successful scheme already in place in Venezuela that gives free instruments and training to children from poor and vulnerable backgrounds. Internationally renowned cellist Julian Lloyd Webber is spearheading the initiative he hopes will give "a sense of purpose" to the lives of the most in need. The inspiration behind the scheme is the El Sistema social program in Venezuela, which has helped improve the lives of thousands of young people since it began over 30 years ago.
She is also, according to you, the most inspirational leader featured on CNN's "The Spirit of..." in 2008. Queen Rania certainly has a challenge on her hands. She wasted little time in applying herself to various causes, and soon made her name as an engaging advocate for women's rights and moderate Islam, and as a heavy investor in youth.
Japan's GDP fell 4 percent last quarter, the fastest pace on record, the government said on Wednesday. This was the fourth straight quarter the Japanese economy contracted. The January-March quarter for Japan was 15.4 percent lower than the same time period last year, according to figures released by the Cabinet Office.
The 'Crazy Gang' defeat Liverpool in the FA Cup Nobody expected lowly Wimbledon Football Club to do anything other than turn up when they played Liverpool in the 1988 FA Cup final at Wembley Stadium. Their youthfulness and tenacity combined with patriotic home support saw them upset predictions, defeating the Soviets 4-3 in a match that became known as the "Miracle on Ice." Europe's Ryder Cup team has become renowned for upsetting the form book, frequently triumphing against higher ranked American opposition.
Alain de Botton thinks it is. In a debate with architect Robert Adam organized by building.co.uk, Adam attacked de Botton's ideas. So, indeed your own house could be making you happy or sad, de Botton suggests. "
Myanmar is facing a food shortage largely due to last year's deadly Cyclone Nargis, which destroyed nearly all the rice crops in the fertile Ayeyarwaddy delta, the United Nations said Wednesday. Rice production in the cyclone-affected areas of Ayeyarwaddy and Yangon, the largest city and former capital of Myanmar, is expected to be 50 percent of last year's, according to the report issued by the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) and World Food Programme (WFP). The cyclone also hurt the cattle and fishing industries, contributing to the food crisis. "
Dan Johnson of the Premier League told CNN the clubs cutting ticket prices were simply responding to the financial climate. " In the U.S. Major League Soccer side Kansas City Wizards recently announced they would drop ticket prices for the coming season. Football fans are set to benefit from the recession as clubs slash season ticket prices to keep supporters coming back.
The airline industry has fought efforts to require the barriers, saying airlines should be allowed to decide for themselves if the barriers would improve security. Pilots praise the hardened cockpit doors mandated after 9/11, saying they have done as much as anything to protect aircraft from terrorist assaults. Hesselbein disagrees. "
-- Fighting resumed Tuesday in a disputed oil-rich town in Sudan, threatening to reignite a calamitous civil war which ended three years ago. Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt. The deal's Comprehensive Peace Agreement ended a north-south civil war that killed about 2 million people and displaced more than 4 million others.
Gov. David Paterson has said he'd sign a same-sex if it's passed by the New York Senate. -- The New York State Assembly passed a same-sex marriage bill Tuesday evening, bringing New York one step closer to legalizing such marriages. The bill, which passed 89-52, will now go on to the state Senate for a vote.
More and more, the mission of the mobile industry is to make seamless that virtual space between desktop and handset. " We have a roadmap to implement our service on mobile platforms such as iPhone," he says. " E-mail to a friend
I see a lot of hope in the new administration, the new leadership, and Pakistan is willing to work with the American administration to fight extremism and terrorism," he said Tuesday. " The troops will be sent to southern Afghanistan, which borders Pakistan and is a haven for Taliban insurgents. He and Qureshi will meet with both Clinton and Holbrooke this week.
Treat yourself to a massage at the hammam (Turkish bath) and you could easily think you are in Morocco. Bike around town Much of Paris is walkable, but the city's cheap bike-hire scheme, Velib, which launched in 2007, makes dashing around the city even easier. The latest dance craze sweeping the city is Tecktonik, a fusion dance style usually accessorized with spiked hair and neon accessories.
The message, posted Tuesday on various Islamist Web sites with a picture of al-Zawahiri next to an image of a wounded child, urges militants to rally against Israel. " It was Obama's first public reaction to the ongoing fighting between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza, which began with Israeli air strikes 11 days ago. Al-Zawahiri is a native of Egypt who has served jail time there.
Sudan president Omar al-Bashir is the first head of state ever indicted by the ICC. The International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for al-Bashir on March 4, accusing him of complicity in war crimes and crimes against humanity in his government's campaign against rebels in Darfur in western Sudan. Al-Bashir has denied the charges, calling them an attempt by Western powers to recolonize Sudan.
Two Sri Lanka air force fighter bombers continued to bomb civilian targets in Mu'l'li-vaaykkaal after the announcement by the Sri Lankan forces that it would not deploy heavy weapons or carry out air attacks," Tamilnet said, citing S. Puleedevan, director of the Tamil Peace Secretariat. " Our security forces have been instructed to end the use of heavy-caliber guns, combat aircraft and aerial weapons which could cause civilian casualties," according a statement from the Presidential Secretariat. But the rebels accused the military of continuing to bomb civilians.
After fronting the Indian version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire," he's back with a new series, the local take on the U.S. hit "Are You Smarter than a Fifth Grader." With Shah Rukh Khan topping the bill, it's likely to be there a lot longer. Another wave of SRK mania is set to sweep through cinemas in December 2008 with the release of "Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi," translated as "A Couple Made by God."
The Bolivian president guaranteed the petroleum workers that their jobs will be safe. -- Bolivian President Evo Morales nationalized the Chaco petroleum company Friday, taking over the BP subsidiary with the military on standby. His actions Friday came less than 48 hours before Bolivians vote Sunday on a new constitution that would give the central government more power and control.
Colombian officials are blaming the FARC guerrilla group for an explosion in an upscale Bogota neighborhood Tuesday night that killed two people and wounded 20. Senior presidential aide Fabio Valencia Cossio said 11 pounds of explosives were used, El Espactador newspaper reported. There were a lot of sirens and police."
Revealed follows Diane von Furstenberg at an exciting moment in her catwalk history. He used to joke that he always wanted to be Matisse. And the designer herself came to become the face of the brand.
Four people were in critical condition after the explosion at the ConAgra Foods plant in the town of Garner, CNN affiliate WRAL-TV reported. Part of a collapsed ConAgra Foods plant lies atop parked cars Tuesday in Garner, North Carolina. Everyone was trying to get to the exit door. ...
In June, CNN revealed that the Federal Emergency Management Agency had warehoused $85 million worth of household goods for two years before giving them away to federal agencies and 16 states. Rep. Bennie Thompson says he'll hold a hearing into how supplies for Katrina victims were diverted. A Democratic congressman from Mississippi plans to hold a hearing into how millions of dollars worth of supplies meant for Gulf Coast hurricane survivors ended up being given away as surplus property.
-- The alleged leader of a firearms trafficking network believed to be smuggling guns into Mexico -- where police say they are used against law enforcement officers by members of Mexican drug cartels -- was arrested Thursday in Arizona, authorities said. U.S. authorities are sharing intelligence with their Mexican counterparts to assist in ongoing investigations, the ATF said. Last week, 2,000 troops were sent to Juarez by the Mexican government in an effort to quell the violence there, which has claimed some 200 lives since January.
The finance minister is expected to deliver the 2009 budget statement on Thursday. The Ministry of Trade and Industry said it expected a GDP reduction of between 2 and 5 percent this year. The ministry cited data on retail sales and unemployment in the United States, industrial production in Europe and on Asian exports for the weaker outlook.
I'm here to make tough choices, and this president is here to make tough choices, and we have. Rice said when the new administration takes over, she plans to return to the Hoover Institution at Stanford University and write two books -- one on foreign policy and one about her parents. Asked about historians who say Bush is one of the worst presidents, Rice said those "aren't very good historians." "
T.I., left, performed to a packed crowd Sunday, days before he was to start a prison term. T.I. was sentenced in March on weapons charges related to purchasing machine guns and silencers. The Atlanta rapper has expressed remorse for the situation. "
April Tinsley, 8, abducted in Fort Wayne, Indiana, was raped and killed 21 years ago. It was March 2004 -- nearly 16 years after 8-year-old April Tinsley was abducted from a Fort Wayne, Indiana, neighborhood, raped and killed. While police have no one to match it with at this point, "things have been resubmitted and retested" as technological advances have been made, he said.
Live Nation launches "No Service Fee Wednesdays" this week for lawn seats at amphitheaters, removing extra fees from 5 million lawn seats for shows at amphitheaters across the United States. But the promotion could soothe some bad feelings. " Other shows coming later in the summer include Crosby Stills & Nash, Crue Fest 2, Def Leppard with Poison and Cheap Trick, Jason Mraz, Kid Rock & Lynyrd Skynyrd, Incubus, New Kids on the Block, Nine Inch Nails and Jane's Addiction, Phish, the Dead, Rascall Flats with Darius Rucker, the Allman Brothers Band, the Fray and the Killers. "
Turkey's military said it killed at least 15 rebels in operations in northern Iraq earlier this week, but a spokesman for the Iraqi Kurdish Regional Security Forces denied the report, saying Turkey has not conducted any military operation or air assault there in the past two weeks. The PKK, labeled a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and the European Union, is comprised of militants who have been launching attacks against Turkey from bases in northern Iraq. However, Jabbar Yawer, a spokesman for the Iraqi Kurdish Regional Forces, said no air assault was conducted Thursday or Friday, and added that no operations have been conducted in northern Iraq for the past two weeks.
Roland Martin says men are harming their health by their reluctance to go to the doctor. Go to the doctor and get it taken care of," I said. " Yet what ticked me off was that here was a guy with insurance, a son who could pay for the bill even if he didn't, but he still refused to go to the doctor!
-- Police said they are pursuing leads in the death of 8-year-old Sandra Cantu, whose body was found Monday stuffed into a suitcase in a dairy-farm pond near her Tracy, California, home. Her body was found at a dairy-farm pond near her Calilfornia home. " He implied more than one person may have been involved in the death of Sandra, who had been missing since March 27. "
The first time I've been out in months. Elizabeth Taylor went to the Hollywood Bowl to hear Andrea Bocelli in concert, the first night out in months for the big-screen legend. I went to see Andrea Bocelli last night.
If final efforts at negotiations are unsuccessful, officials intend to use eminent domain to acquire the property. This plot of land is scheduled to house the permanent United Airlines Flight 93 memorial. We'll try to negotiate with the families, but eminent domain has always been and will continue to be the last resort."
Lucky strike: The port city of Cape Town is set to benefit from several major sporting events The Indian Premier League cricket tournament was recently relocated to South Africa because of security concerns, and now Cape Town is slated to host the opening match on April 18. A series of major international sporting events, a weak currency and its perennially sunny perch on the tip of South Africa are making Cape Town one of the hottest sailing destinations of 2009. As the focus strengthens on these international events, the Cape Town region looks set to benefit more than many from the expected surge in tourism.
The 100 foot Katania was chartered by Hollywood star Hilary Swank and her husband Chad Lowe. The company's owner, Bruce Milne, said in a statement that the deal was largely due to the impact of the recession. " One of the company's mega-yachts, Katania -- a 100 foot vessel which Hollywood actress Hilary Swank once chartered, now costs less than $3000 per day.
The fire appeared to have started at 3 p.m. in a warehouse next door to the one-story concrete building that housed the state-run ABC Daycare and spread to the state-run institution, news reports said. The victims were from 1 to 5 years old, said Jose Larrinaga, the spokesman. It admits children under 18.
So I propose the personal body image index (PBII). Nevertheless, the disconnect grew worse as puberty approached -- especially in eighth grade, when the body mass index (BMI) entered my life. Subscribe now!
Turnout is expected to be high among the country's 3 million registered voters. Analysts say the race will be tight, with the Hezbollah-dominated "March 8 alliance" possibly winning a majority of seats in parliament. Analysts say the Hezbollah-dominated "March 8 alliance" may win a parliamentary majority with the support of Christian opposition leader Gen. Michel Aoun -- the only prominent Christian politician to back the bloc. "
Hogan holds the record for the San Francisco to Los Angeles race (beating even the best men's time) and was the overall winner of the 1995 Furnace Creek 508, which runs from Valencia through Death Valley to Twentynine Palms. 1. 6.
Thailand's military has denied abusing refugee boat-people from Myanmar after claims some were whipped on a tourist beach and hundreds more left dead or missing after being towed at to sea without food and water. Pushing them back out to sea is not an effective deterrent it just jeopardizes lives." They say the army's Internal Security Operations Command is forcing the Rohingya out to sea rather than deporting them overland back to Myanmar. "
Every Grammy is of equal value and importance in our minds," Portnow said. " I hope I win.' It just never gets old."
She ensured that Jero was aware of his connection to the culture of Japan and sang enka songs in Japanese with him when he was young. It was the influence of his Japanese grandmother that first led him on the path to enka. His big break came when he appeared on an amateur singer TV show.
During an MSNBC debate in Ohio on Tuesday, Clinton referenced an SNL skit in which the comedy troupe satirized the media for being too friendly with Obama. " Clinton said she appeared on the show to "just relax, have fun" without politics, but she didn't miss her chance to address voters in delivering the opening line. Clinton appeared on the show ahead of several do-or-die primaries that will determine the fate of her campaign.
The Screening Room" takes a look at some of the best stunts ever pulled off -- and a few that didn't end so well. In perhaps his most perfect stunt, the side of a building crashes down on top of him and Keaton is saved only by an open window that fits neatly around him. 4. "
And it's this that is at the root of his success as Indy's "fall guy." Even after all this time, Armstrong, the authority on how to create a death defying stunt, still reckons Ford is the best stuntman actor he has ever worked with -- "Harrison has to be the ultimate." Fantastic living."
Flamboyant and fearless, Roberto Cavalli is the peacock of the fashion world; with his body-hugging clothes, he woos women the world over. Cavalli is adored by his celebrity clientele, who flaunt his show-stopping creations on red carpets from Los Angeles to Sydney. Fashion designer Roberto Cavalli But his clients are no dainty damsels: Cavalli's women are Amazonian warriors and Grecian goddesses, whose armor is fashion and whose weapon is sex.
If it's raining you might prefer Det Blå Pakhus (113 Holmbladsgade), the city's biggest indoor flea market and a treasure trove of bargains begging to be hunted. ...................... Don't miss Illums Bolighus (Amagertorv 10), with its four floors of contemporary Scandinavian design. The city's main shopping hub is Strøget, a collection of pedestrianized streets that lead from Rådhuspladsen to Kongens Nytorv; you can easily spend hours, and a small fortune, browsing its boutiques and chain stores.
Instead of a backpack and a pocket full of marijuana, he arrived in Chennai in 1971 with a job in the textile-buying business, a wife and a young son. As an outsourcing supply company, Fabre's company is indirectly responsible for employing around 80,000 people in 200 factories around Tamil Nadu, and his clients include labels such as Kenzo, Lee Cooper and Oxbow. At 68, Christian Fabre, CEO of Fashions International, might be expected to be thinking about retiring.
About Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Mazumdar-Shaw is founder of Biocon, the biotech and pharmaceutical company that made her India's richest self-made businesswoman. India's richest woman is ready to answer your questions. What does it take to become the CEO of India's biggest biotech company and the richest woman in India?
Ice skating in front of the grand facade of the Hotel de Ville on a crisp winter day. Ice skating in front of Hotel de Ville If you like your outdoor pursuits to be frosty and free, you'll love the ice rink that's outside the Hotel de Ville every December until March. But time your visit right and you could find yourself taking part in one of the city's signature events.
This willingness to go into debt rather than save has seen a massive rise in sales of consumer goods such as mobile phones, flat screen TVs, refrigerators, household utensils, motorcycles and cars. That helps explain why India was named recently by Hong Kong-based Political and Economic Risk Consultancy (PERC) as the Asia-Pacific country with the highest political and social risk for 2009. To the litany of challenges that confront India's path to a better life, we can now add subdued economic growth as a result of the global financial crisis.
Once we have taken you through the festival highlights, at the end of the program the best building in the world will be chosen and we will interview the winning architect. The program will also feature interviews with some of the world's leading architects including Lord Norman Foster, Zaha Hadid and Wolf D Prix. In late October, Barcelona hosts the World Architecture Festival during which the great and good will attempt to choose the best building in the world.
Sixth, when Pakistan's government has done "peace" deals with the Taliban in the Pakistani tribal regions in 2005 and 2006 and in the northern region of Swat earlier this year, they were made following military setbacks by Pakistan's army. Fifth, the Taliban leadership is largely in Pakistan. iReport.com: Should there be a deal with the Taliban?
Five million Zimbabweans -- out of a population of about 12 million -- are in need of food aid now, the report said. Some of Zimbabwe's children are "wasting away" as political turmoil and economic crisis have caused a severe food shortage, according to a report from Save the Children. Zimbabwe is facing its worst economic and humanitarian crisis since its independence from Great Britain 28 years ago.
Even by the end of the 1990s, 50 million square meters of German roofs, the equivalent of 10 percent of flat roofs, were recorded to be green. That's why they are increasingly being used on new builds as the construction industry looks to make use of greener technologies.. The concept of a green roof goes back centuries: The turf roofed dwellings of the Vikings are early examples, but the modern green roof we know today was developed in Germany 50 years ago. So the green roof industry continues to grow -- but there's a feeling that government support could be better.
Dr. Joseph Adelegan has pioneered new energy sources, including using cow waste to create cooking gas. Do you have other examples of how people are using innovative ways to create renewable energy sources? Take Nigerian civil engineer, Dr Joseph Adelegan for instance.
Then there's the fact that Miami is one of the most cosmopolitan cities in the world, with some 60% of the population born outside the U.S. The food, music, culture and language of Latin America have all become part of modern Miami, giving the city a cultural heritage that belies its youth. Nearby, the Design District is full of studios and workshops producing contemporary furniture and art. But Miami has shed much of its unwanted baggage from the 80s and has grown beyond a resort town into something more substantial.
It was at an unused kitchen in Bundoora where he conducted crude experiments that led to the discovery of lithium as a treatment of bipolar disorder. THE DISCOVERY OF BACTERIA Dutchman Antonie van Leeuwenhoek was known as the "father of micro-biology." He drew scientific attention to the many bacteria that he discovered.
The fire has angered Kenyans for what they perceive is a lack of disaster preparedness. The doors were locked. Officials found 13 bodies in the rubble of a scorched supermarket in downtown Nairobi Friday and are investigating a tip that security guards locked people in the burning building, a police spokesman said.
I think that we're very excited that classes are starting -- that we're moving into a new year," she said. Norris Hall, meanwhile, has been refurbished and will no longer host classes. Perhaps indicative of that resilience is the size of the incoming freshman class.
A laconic, bar room philosopher with a wry sense of humor, Waits is an avowed fan of the Beat generation writer Jack Kerouac and the author and poet Charles Bukowski. Tom Waits in Paris on the European leg of his tour. I think there is a little bit of Frank in everybody."
Pirates have hijacked two European-owned chemical tankers off the coast of Somalia in the past 24 hours, the European Union Maritime Security Center said Thursday. The M/V Nipayia, a 9,000-ton Greek-owned and Panamanian-registered vessel with 19 crew members, was attacked approximately 450 miles east of Kismayo on Wednesday afternoon, the security center said. The 23,000-ton Norwegian-owned and Bahamian-registered M/V Bow-Asir was captured 250 miles east of the southern Somali city Kismayo on Thursday morning, the security center said in a release.
Figures recently announced by the U.N. University suggest the production of electronic and electrical products is running neck-and-neck with their disposal: An estimated 10.3 million tons of electronic products were put on the market in the European Union in 2005, while 8.3 to 9.1 million tons of waste from electrical products found their way into Europe's rubbish bins. Electronic and electrical products account for four percent of Europe's waste and the rate is growing at three times the speed of any other form of waste. Sustainable design is a reaction to the global environmental crisis.
In an age of unromance, of Internet dating, of gut reaction cynicism -- I love hearing a story about how Lenny Ann Low of Sydney met her fiancé Alan of Glasgow. By Friday at the end of every week you must do something that is good for your future that is a risk or something scary." Lenny Ann Low made sure every week to do something scary that would in some way alter her future "Tell the story again!"
The most important job I have had -- and the most important job the next president is going to have -- is to protect the American people from another attack," Bush said. President Bush and first lady Laura Bush sit down with CNN's Larry King Live on Tuesday. " How bad?
If we're asked for more and we say we can, it's not going to be 4,000 -- it's going to be something in between" that and the current troop level, Dannatt told the Times. British defense sources told The Times that a rise of 1,700 to 2,000 was "the uppermost ceiling." Dannatt told The Times newspaper that elements of the 12th Mechanized Brigade had been "earmarked for Afghanistan."
Ask them if it's heavy to wear, the typical answer goes something like, "It's only heavy to wear until the bad guys start shooting at you. But what it doesn't make clear is that the truck is open in the back and sides. It seems very grim, especially when compounded by the fact that the Marines are wearing heavy body armor all the time.
The airline advised, "Pilots who are preparing to configure and land have the potential to experience abrupt pitch up, slow airspeed, and approach to stall if conditions present themselves in a certain manner." Southwest Airlines spokesperson Linda Rutherford said an earthen dam at the end of the runway was interfering with the signal being sent to inbound flights. Flight data recorders obtained by the NTSB of the crashed Colgan air Flight 3407 show during its approach to runway 23, the twin turbo prop Dash-8 pitched up 31 degrees before going into a stall due to lack of airspeed.
However, he said the U.S. military is looking at exit routes through Jordan and Kuwait. The decision will be announced at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina on Friday, according to one senior administration official. Obama's campaign pledge was to withdraw combat troops within 16 months.
Eighty percent of officers believe it is unreasonable to expect the U.S. military to wage another major war successfully at present. On the other hand, 56 percent of the officers disagree that the war has "broken" the military. Foreign Policy magazine and the Center for a New American Security on Tuesday issued the U.S. Military Index, a survey of 3,400 present and former U.S. military officers. "
Police used batons to restore order, but no one was injured, police said. Anti-election demonstrators threw stones at two polling stations and clashed with Indian security forces Sunday as voters stood in long lines in Indian-controlled Kashmir to cast ballots in the second stage of state elections. Sunday's protests came a day after Indian paramilitary forces, according to authorities, gunned down two youths, one of them a high school student apparently taking part in an anti-India demonstration.
Drug-fueled violence reached record levels in Mexico last year, with around 5,400 slayings, more than double the 2,477 reported in 2007, Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora said last month. Violence and drug-trafficking have become such a major threat to Latin America that the presidents of Colombia, Mexico, Guatemala and Panama will sit around a table Friday in Panama to discuss what they can do about it. But Mexico is not alone.
Green capital Friedman's new book "Hot, Flat and Crowded" is not a major departure from his previous books. Indeed Friedman's book was written before the financial meltdown but recent events have furthered his argument that environmental technology is the solution of all solutions. Thomas L. Friedman has taken on a green hue with his latest book, "Hot, Flat and Crowded".
In fiscal year 2008, authorities confiscated about $70 million in drug-related cash in Atlanta, more than anywhere else in the United States, the Drug Enforcement Administration says. Agents attribute the growth in drug trafficking to Atlanta's location, proximity to other major cities and access to major highways. The fear is that the battle will extend deeper into the United States, causing more to suffer a fate similar to Reynoso's ordeal in the Gwinnett County basement.
Some political blocs, notably the Sadrists, oppose any extension of the presence of foreign troops in Iraq. Britain has the second-largest contingent of foreign troops in Iraq -- about 4,100 -- after the United States, which has about 142,500. British government lawyers, meanwhile, are studying "all possible options" to legally extend the presence of British troops in Iraq beyond New Year's Day in case Iraq's Parliament rejects the new compromise.
Voters in 14 of 18 provinces turned out last weekend to elect provincial councils. Ban last visited Iraq in 2007. Al-Maliki thanked the United Nations for the supportive role it played.
Vice President-elect Joe Biden meets Pakistani officials in Islamabad, Pakistan, on Friday. U.S. Vice President-elect Joe Biden assured Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on Friday that the incoming Obama administration will continue to support Pakistan's efforts to strengthen democracy and combat terrorism, according to Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs. It would provide money for developments such as schools, roads and medical clinics, and it conditions security aid on State Department certification that Pakistan is making efforts against the Taliban and al Qaeda.
Texas added more people than any other state -- about 500,000 -- making it the third-fastest growing state. -- Utah is the nation's fastest growing state, increasing 2.5 percent from July 2007 to July 2008, according to new population estimates from the Census Bureau. Only two states lost population: Michigan and Rhode Island, losing 0.5 and 0.2 percent respectively.
If you don't have a cause of death, isn't it possible that it might have been an accident?" Given that there's no evidence as to the cause of death, ... you could have an accidental death and a mother that panics," she told King. " The defense needs to overcome Casey Anthony's statements and behavior. "
Juicy Campus and similar Web sites are protected under Communications Decency Act of 1996. Opinions are protected. But lies are not.
Ali al-Dabbagh said the Iraqi government approved several amendments that were "necessary, essential and appropriate" to the draft status-of-forces agreement, which would set the terms for U.S. troops in Iraq after the United Nations mandate on their presence expires at the end of this year. " U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates recently said that there was "great reluctance" to make any more changes to the agreement. It is unclear when al-Maliki will submit the changes to the draft document.
Stars including Oprah Winfrey, Michael Jordan, Robert De Niro, Janet Jackson and the Duchess of York were in attendance. The island officially opens with a spectacular fireworks display. The Palm Jumeirah increased Dubai's shoreline by 100 percent after work started on it in 2001.
Directors set to shoot have included Terry Gilliam, Darren Aronofsky, Paul Greengrass and David Hayter (whose script has been retained for much of the final film). What Alan Moore might think is another issue. ' Note smiley badge.
This growth was three times that of the overall UK hotel market. The increased interest from business travelers in value from hotels has been a further boost. The boom in budget hotels has been greatest in China.
Siding with the court's majority, Justice Clarence Thomas described brutal details of a Florida slaying. A penalty with such negligible returns to the state (is) patently excessive and cruel and unusual punishment violative of the Eighth Amendment." But Justice Clarence Thomas took issue with his colleagues' conclusions. "
The proposed change would have the parks adopt the gun laws of the state in which they are located. The U.S. Interior Department is considering changing regulations on guns in national parks. That's because the U.S. Interior Department is considering a proposal from 51 U.S. senators to change its regulations on guns in national parks.
Blumenthal said the regulation would put women's health care at risk and would undercut state contraception laws. " This rule protects the right of medical providers to care for their patients in accord with their conscience." The department promulgated the rule last month. "
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe, in a speech to supporters Saturday, refused calls to step down. Mugabe has repeatedly refused calls from Western leaders to step down, most recently telling his supporters late Saturday that he would not follow the U.S. president to his "political death." " The United States no longer supports a power-sharing deal between Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe and the country's main opposition because a viable unity government is not possible with Mugabe in power, a top U.S. diplomat said Sunday.
CNN founder Ted Turner tells the network he's "encouraged" by the results of last week's election. We didn't do enough due diligence. Watch Turner talk about his relationship with ex-wife Jane Fonda » CNN: Is [President-elect Barack Obama] the guy to pull this economy?
Police say the attacker walked into First Baptist Church of Maryville, Illinois, on Sunday and began firing. " They want to know if they bring their family somewhere, it's going to be a safe environment. " A church should have five security plans in place to deal with evacuation, long-term shelter, medical emergencies, lost or missing children and violent confrontations, he said. "
The development could have a major impact on how the case plays out at trial, including whether defense attorney Jose Baez can stay on the case. Read the letter of intent (pdf) Meanwhile, Anthony's defense filed a motion on Friday with Orange County Circuit Court, seeking more phone records from a dozen people involved in the case. The motion asks for any and all records for "phone calls, text messages, P2P communications, Internet usage, WAP usage, and cell tower pings."
Tens of thousands of displaced civilians currently remain wedged in a dwindling swath of territory controlled by the Tigers along the country's northeastern coast. Sri Lankan officials rejected a proposed cease-fire from the Tamil Tiger rebels Sunday, warning instead that government troops intended to continue a new offensive until the group surrenders, a senior government official said. Tamil demonstrators call for a cease-fire in Sri Lanka during a rally Saturday in Paris, France. "
Other factors included fear of the results and difficulty scheduling an appointment, she said. We're seeing them at later stages, so the cancer is more advanced. There are lifestyle factors that increase risks of breast cancer."
Her new life in China began after the Tennessee Supreme Court ruled last year that Anna should be returned to her biological parents, Jack and Casey He, known in China as He Shaoqiang and Qin Luo respectively. Anna He, 9, finds it hard to adjust to life after she was returned to her biological parents, Jack and Casey He. " I cannot pick anyone.
Over the years, Seattle has inspired a number of nicknames. Despite its rapid growth, Seattle has kept its trees and parks and many areas maintain an almost suburban feel. As a modern, civilized outpost among outstanding natural spectacle, the place once known as the "Queen City of the Northwest" still reigns supreme.
Sheinkopf, who also represents corporate clients, does not represent any of the other politicians whose names have been mentioned for the Senate seat. Paterson will have to face the voters in 2010. On the issues of the day, Kennedy has been mighty silent.
The accusations recall the case of Josef Fritzl, who kept his daughter captive for 24 years and fathered seven children. The case has drawn comparisons to the shocking incest case in Austria in which Josef Fritzl is accused of holding his daughter captive in an underground network of tiny rooms for 24 years. A Polish court has ordered the detention of a man accused of holding his daughter captive for six years and repeatedly raping her, ultimately fathering two children with her.
This historic farmers market is the place to pick up all manner of fresh local produce, as well as handmade crafts, jewelry, antiques and paintings. Set aside a couple of hours to visit the Elliot Bay Book Company (101 South Main Street), a vast space crammed full of new and used books. For something more cutting edge, Capitol Hill and Belltown are full of funky boutiques and vintage clothing stores.
Authorities arrested two high school students in suburban Atlanta on Thursday after they were warned that one of the students planned to "do harm" at the school with a weapon, police said. Sgt. Several schools in Woodstock, Gerogia, were on lockdown after authorities found a gun in a bathroom ceiling.
Jazmine Sullivan is up for five Grammys next month, including best new artist. CNN: I was looking at your background, and I didn't know that you're a protegee of Missy Elliott. Now she's up for five Grammys on February 8, including best R&B performance (for "Bust Your Windows") and best new artist.
The era of U.S.-funded major infrastructure projects is over. With the five-year-old war's cost to U.S. taxpayers estimated at more than $600 billion, the Iraqi windfall provoked sharp questions from Congress during two days of testimony by the top U.S. officials in Iraq, Gen. David Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan Crocker. " Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, R-California, proposed the Iraqi government pay the cost of stationing U.S. troops in its country under any future agreement between Washington and Baghdad -- and said he would introduce legislation to require that. "
John Leech narrowly escaped death at the Pentagon on September 11, 2001. Leech narrowly escaped death September 11, 2001, when a hijacked American Airlines jetliner hit the building. Retired Col.
A quarter of Zimbabwe's population has fled the country, mostly to neighboring South Africa, Botswana and Mozambique, humanitarian groups said. In November, 1,016 kids made the same perilous journey. They said hunger, non-functioning schools and poverty were the reasons they left.
Civil liberties groups have vowed to fight the legislation in court. " President Bush said Wednesday afternoon he will sign the bill, calling it "vital" and "long overdue." Watch Bush praise the new FISA bill » The bill, formally known as the FISA Amendments Act, updates the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
Mosa Khankhel was reporting for GEO TV when he was killed. Khankhel was traveling in a caravan with Sufi Mohammed, who was leading the peace deal negotiations for the Taliban, when he went missing, Abbas said. Attackers in a Taliban-controlled area of Pakistan shot and tried to behead a Pakistani journalist on Wednesday, according to his employer GEO TV.
-- Embattled Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich vowed Friday to fight federal corruption charges and stay on the job, despite calls for his resignation amid allegations that he attempted to sell President-elect Barack Obama's former Senate seat. Federal prosecutors have accused the governor of trying to sell Obama's former Senate seat. Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich spoke to reporters at a news conference Friday but did not take questions. "
Hit Song Science claims to be able to predict whether a song will be a pop hit But now a piece of software claims it can compute whether a song has chart-topping potential, and a number of record companies and musicians are using Hit Song Science (HSS) to gauge whether they have a hit on their hands. My first instinct was it must be a con. " But it works."
He said the pirates fired two rocket-propelled grenades at the Dutch ship, but no injuries were reported. Watch how attacks peaked in 2008 » Hijackings off the coast of East Africa have become a growing international concern, prompting a number of foreign navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden and neighboring coastal areas. Two or three pirate speedboats were chasing the Dutch ship, with the goal of boarding it, when the Russians intervened, said Capt.
Yong Nam, CEO of LG Electronics Leading the campaign is CEO Yong Nam who took on the top job in January. So me speaking English is very, very important to encourage people to speak out with bad English instead of good Korean. CNN's Andrew Stevens met him at the LG headquarters in Seoul, where he showed off the latest Viewty camera phone.
The U.S. military leased a base in Uzbekistan after the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States. The Manas Air Base outside Bishkek is the only U.S. base in Central Asia and is a major resupply hub for the war in Afghanistan. Kyrgyzstan's president signed a bill Friday to close an air base that the U.S. military uses as a route for troops and supplies heading into Afghanistan, the president announced on his Web site.
America and its allies have battled the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan ever since, with fighting spreading across the border into Pakistan. " He spoke in the remote Swat Valley of northwestern Pakistan, the site of frequent and fierce clashes between Pakistani troops and Taliban and al Qaeda militants. Watch the Taliban spokesman on Barack Obama » U.S. forces dislodged the Taliban rulers of Afghanistan shortly after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
In this year, EFPs have gone up, actually, over the last 10 days by a factor of two or three, and frankly we're trying to determine why that might be," Petraeus said. Attacks against U.S. troops in Iraq with bombs believed linked to Iran -- known as explosively formed penetrators (EFPs) -- have risen sharply in January after several months of decline, according to the top U.S. commander in Iraq. The U.S. military had said in recent months that the number of EFP attacks had gone down.
Military ministers for the two Koreas will meet in Pyongyang on Friday. The reconciliation pact also calls for North and South Korean leaders to meet often for discussions on "pending issues." Things went better," said Roh.
Women in their 40s are leading the charge towards adventure. Mark Twain Italian mountaineer Reinhold Messner, whose expeditions have inspired others to seek adventure Adventure comes to those who seek it. Dream.
The suspected pirates were detained by the Navy after the captain of the Indian-flagged ship Premdivya broadcast a distress call to all ships in the area that it had come under attack by a small boat. The pirates were released because the Navy did not have enough evidence to hand them over to Kenya for prosecution in court, in accordance with a recent agreement between the United States and Kenya, the officials explained. The nine were brought into Somali waters and then handed over to the Puntland coast guard.
A closed-door meeting Monday at the Pentagon with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Gen. David Petraeus -- who is in charge of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars -- ended with no consensus on troop plans for either country, several top U.S. military officials told CNN. Once in office, Obama is expected to ask commanders to develop a plan for a 16-month drawdown, as he promised during his campaign for the White House. Some commanders in Afghanistan say that's too late, given the deteriorating security situation there.
The bomber was a woman wearing an abaya, a robe-like dress, said Maj. Pilgrims, pictured above, have gathered to celebrate the Shia holy period of Ashura. The dead included at least 16 Iranians who had come to mark the Shia holy period of Ashura, which commemorates a central event in the history of the movement.
The attacks occurred at checkposts and military camps in the Mohmand agency, part of the lawless Federally Administered Tribal Areas where U.S. and Pakistani officials have reported a presence of militants. Abbas said the fighters crossed into Pakistan from Afghanistan, and used rocket launchers and machine guns in their attacks. A Pakistan soldier on patrol last fall against militants on the border of the Mohmand agency district.
The former Black Panther was sentenced to die for gunning down a Philadelphia police officer 28 years ago. The case has attracted international attention. Abu-Jamal is black, and the police officer was white.
The soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb in the Yarmouk district of western Baghdad about 10:15 a.m. (0715 GMT) on Monday. Separately, three civilians died when a car bomb went off outside a bakery in the eastern district of New Baghdad, followed shortly by another car bomb. The attacks came as U.S. Vice President-elect Joe Biden on Monday met with Iraqi President Jalal Talabani in Baghdad.
A variety of activities in the park will amuse you, from sporty rollerbladers dancing around to the peaceful Conservatory Gardens where you can rest. A starting point for 24 hours in the city should begin with breakfast or brunch New York style: eggs (however you'd like) and some good strong coffee to charge you up for the day. The original 24 hour city, but still the best?
Briant Rodriguez, 3, was taken by armed men during a home invasion in San Bernardino, Caifornia, police say. Doug Hubbard. said. "
Relatives are in "absolute shock" at Huckaby's arrest, he said. Watch police discuss the arrest » Sheneman told reporters Saturday he "couldn't begin to theorize" a motive. She faces kidnapping and murder charges in Sandra's death.
The mayor is being treated with utmost courtesy by Chinese officials," the statement said. New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin flew to China as part of an economic development trip, his office said. Nagin, his wife and a member of his security detail have been quarantined in Shanghai, China, though all three are symptom free, the statement said. "
The patient received her new face in one graft from a donor cadaver. " Social reincorporation is as important as the face transplant itself, Siemionow said. Watch an animation of the face transplant » The patient had previously "suffered severe facial trauma," the Cleveland Clinic said.
A $20,000 reward is offered. Pam Biggers disappeared while on a business trip to the Florida Panhandle in January 2008. Pam Biggers, a 52-year-old woman from Hueytown, Alabama, disappeared while on a business trip to the Florida Panhandle.
They never knew what happened," Diaz told the radio station. Inside, Diaz said, he saw children in sleeping positions on the floor. " -- A fire that claimed the lives of 44 children at a day-care center in Hermosillo, Mexico, started Friday in an air-conditioning unit in an adjacent warehouse, the attorney general of Sonora said Monday.
Five people were arrested in connection with the shootout. The gunmen were not identified, but the statement called them "members of organized crime." Mexican soldiers hold rifles Saturday during a clash with organized-crime suspects in Acapulco.
Giyen Kim, 34, has lost 10 pounds since January 1. This week, Giyen Kim, 34, reached a personal milestone: She has lost 10 pounds since the beginning of the year. She also eats one vegan meal every day.
The Sunday show will be televised on the Comedy Central network Monday night. CAMP VICTORY, Iraq -- Stephen Colbert left no doubt about his solidarity with American troops when he taped the first of four Comedy Central shows he'll produce in Iraq this week. Col.
Adolf Hitler stands for a decisive part of Berlin's history, which cannot be denied." A wax likeness of Adolf Hitler sits in Berlin's Madame Tussaud's wax museum before Saturday's attack. CNN's Diana Magnay contributed to this report.
Peruvian President Alan Garcia vowed to put down the demonstrations, some of which have been going on since early April. " More than 50 people have been injured, various reports said. About 2,500 indigenous people had blocked the main road to protest measures the government has taken to sell land to energy companies and other businesses.
Mexican soldiers, in trucks and helicopters kept watch over the resort town Monday. The attacks came two days after a ferocious street gunbattle that left 18 people dead, including two soldiers. Five people were arrested in connection with the shootout.
If we do nothing, every hospital would have to cut 25 to 30 percent from their budgets, which in effect would shut about six of them anyway, because they couldn't give the services they've been giving," Semb said. Two-thirds of the roughly 1,400 representatives at the group's July 6-8 Imperial Council Session in San Antonio, Texas, would have to vote for it. 1 would take the lifelong South Carolina residents from friends and relatives.
The company's owner, Bruce Milne, released a statement saying the deal was largely a result of the impact of the recession. " The Katania now costs less than $3,000 per day. The 100-foot Katania was chartered by Hollywood star Hilary Swank and her husband, Chad Lowe.
He said he is "proud of my sexuality" and never sought to hide it during the "Idol" competition. " He said he is "kind of interested" in girls. His decision to audition for "American Idol" came after a week at Burning Man -- an annual festival held in a Nevada desert -- where he experimented with "certain funguses." "
The Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers hailed the vote, after a two-year-long negotiating process. " -- Members of the Screen Actors Guild overwhelmingly voted to approve a new two-year contract with studios and producers, the union announced Tuesday. During the drawn-out process, SAG fired its executive director and named a new chief negotiator amid a bitter division among the actors over the question of calling a strike against the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers.
About 41 million Americans will travel at least 50 miles from home around the holiday, according to AAA auto club. The dip represents the first decline in travelers since 2002. " It's one of a number of solutions to reducing delays."
Since then, eight people who shared a flight with Speaker have filed a lawsuit against him, seeking $1.3 million in damages. The Atlanta lawyer with tuberculosis who caused an international health scare after traveling to Europe and back underwent surgery Tuesday to remove the diseased portion of one of his lungs. Speaker said it was his decision to have the surgery, which is just one of his treatment options. "
Manchester United have accepted a world-record $130 million offer for Cristiano Ronaldo from Real Madrid. The English champions have given the big-spending Spanish giants permission to talk to the World Player of the Year, according to the official United Web site. What's your view?
His broken promises to women voters could cost him the presidency on June 12. Dealing with foreign affairs is likely to be some way down his list of priorities. Fawaz Gerges says Iran's president is vulnerable on the economy and broken promises of women's rights.
Ted Epperly says recruiting more primary care doctors would improve access to quality health care. This is why we need more primary care physicians. We need more primary care physicians now and we will need even more in the future as the baby boom generation ages.
I wouldn't want to change myself too much because that would really make things a bit false," she told CNN's "American Morning" on Friday. " Susan Boyle at home with her piano. Susan Boyle, 47, has said she's still the same humble girl next door despite her knockout singing on "Britain's Got Talent."
The United States has maintained an embargo against Cuba for decades. And he called for the government to implement major free-market reforms. Bush urged the Cuban government to loosen restrictions further, saying if Cubans can be allowed to own mobile phones, "they should be trusted to speak freely in public."
The Chinese women's gymnastics team won a gold medal in a team competition at the Beijing games, and five members won individual medals. Widespread reports claimed that gold medal winner He Kexin was only 14 years old. They shouldn't be suspicious."
He was told he could never play football again. Now nearing the end of his career, Kanu has set up another foundation. Winning a gold medal with Nigeria in the 1996 Olympic Games he has also won the European Cup with Ajax; the English Premier League Title and FA Cup with Arsenal in 2002, and in 2008 scored the winning goal for Portsmouth in the FA Cup Final.
The source also said authorities don't believe the targets would have been in the north of England, where the arrests took place, and that at least some of those arrested were Pakistanis in the United Kingdom on student visas. The men arrested were involved in a "very serious" plot closely associated with al Qaeda and escaped al Qaeda operative Rashid Rauf, whom British intelligence have linked to the 2006 plot to blow up trans-Atlantic airliners, according to a security source with knowledge of the investigation. Several hundred officers were involved in the raids, according to a later Greater Manchester Police statement.
The Hicks family learned that they qualified for President Obama's new homeownership assistance program. Struggling to pay the new adjusted mortgage, Terese Hicks appealed to their mortgage company, Homecomings which is owned by GMAC, for help. " Breylan and Terese Hicks play with their sons Bryce, 3, and Jordan, 2.
Muslims believe that the Dome of the Rock is where the Prophet Muhammad ascended to heaven, while Jews believe that it is where Abraham prepared to sacrifice Isaac. Here the paths of the world's three great monotheistic religions meet, reminding us what they share in common," the pope said at the Islamic shrine after a meeting with the grand mufti of Jerusalem, the city's top Muslim religious leader. " After visiting the Dome of the Rock, an Islamic shrine, the pontiff prayed at the Old City's Western Wall.
It caused a surge of 1 to 2 feet of water along the shore and was expected to deliver 4 to 6 inches of rain, with some areas getting more. Many people in Huntington, Virginia, about 8 miles northwest of Virginia Beach, voluntarily evacuated Saturday afternoon because of concerns about flooding, Fairfax County public information officer Merni Fitzgerald said. Hanna caused severe flooding and killed at least 137 as it lingered for several days over and just off the coast of Haiti.
Sweden and Finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mines. The sub had a crew of 46 and four passengers when it sank. A team of Swedish and Finnish divers had been searching for the Soviet submarine S-2 since 1999.
The RMT trade union called the strike after talks with management over pay, job cuts, and disciplinary issues broke down. " The fact is that Tube workers have been driven into walking out today." The Northern line is running perfectly."
The police were immediately alerted, as was a special unit that combats the trade in stolen cultural artifacts. Picasso used the sketchbook between 1917 and 1924 when he was in his late 30s and early 40s. The sketchbook was discovered missing from the Picasso Museum in Paris overnight.
The death and mutilation of Tommy the cat has been linked to a serial pet killer, say police in Miami, Florida. The black and white tuxedo cat was one of a dozen pets that have been killed and mutilated recently by someone in the Miami area, police said. Tommy was adopting them.
These sides qualified for the tournament by winning their respective regional competitions, while South Africa gained automatic entry as the tournament hosts, and Italy as World Cup holders. In-form Spain head to the tournament as favorites, while a resurgent Brazil side and World Cup holders Italy also can't be discounted. See profiles of the eight teams involved in the 2009 Confederations Cup. »
Christopher Coleman, 32, is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of Garett, 11, Gavin, 9, and his wife, Sheri Coleman, 31. A southwestern Illinois man accused of strangling his wife and two young sons did not ask how his family was killed or see their bodies after he learned of the deaths, a police official said at a preliminary hearing Wednesday. Watch more on the profane messages » Threatening letters left in the family's mailbox and an e-mail allegedly sent to Coleman before the killings were traced back to the suspect's laptop, he said.
Also Thursday, authorities in Hong Kong ordered the closure of all elementary schools, kindergartens and day care centers in the city after 12 students were found to be infected with the virus. The World Health Organization raised the swine flu alert Thursday to its highest level, saying the H1N1 virus has spread to enough countries to be considered a global pandemic. It cannot.
There seemed to be a lot of good remarks that they want to honor the Hague Convention; they believe in the Hague Convention and they want to return children. The case has attracted attention from politicians. The fact of the matter is that, in order to be a parent, you have to be more than a DNA donor," said Helvecio Ribeiro. "
But al-Beeraqdar said, without naming names, that two contractors were being held on charges involving "illegal substances" found on the men when they were taken into custody. The contractors initially had been told they were being held in connection with the May death of another contractor, James Kitterman, said the source close to the five. Three of five Americans contractors detained in Baghdad have been ordered released by an Iraqi judge, because of insufficient evidence, a court spokesman said Thursday.
Activist Chastity Bono is transitioning from female to male and will be known as Chaz. " Chastity Bono, gay-rights activist and child of performer Cher and the late entertainer and politician Sonny Bono, is in the early stages of transitioning from a female to a male and will be known as Chaz, his spokesman said Thursday. iReport.com: Do you have a transgender story?
She is Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic speaker of the House of Representatives, the most powerful woman in Washington and lately, a target for Republicans. Obama is still remarkably popular. Pelosi is easy to spot in any crowd of U.S. politicians; she's the small brown-haired woman in the smartly tailored suit.
Gadahn says his grandfather was a "Zionist" and "a zealous supporter of the usurper entity, and a prominent member of a number of Zionist hate organizations." " In a new anti-Israel, anti-U.S. video, an American al Qaeda member makes reference to his Jewish ancestry for the first time in an official al Qaeda message. Adam Yahiye Gadahn, also known as Azzam the American, is seen in an earlier al Qaeda video.
Devil's Punch Bowl, near Depoe Bay Formed by the collapsed roof of two sea caves, this "punch bowl" features dramatic water displays that are definitely worth the hike. For another slice of history, take a walking tour of Fort Stevens, or enjoy a scenic two-mile jaunt around the fort's Coffenbury Lake. Humbug Mountain State Park, near Port Orford Rising 1,756 feet over the Pacific, the forested peak of Humbug Mountain provides visitors with switchback trails and magnificent coastal vistas.
U.S. leaders meeting the Dalai [Lama] seriously violate the basic principles of international relations," Liu said. If they were to sit down with the Dalai Lama, they would find him to be a man of peace and reconciliation," Bush said. White House spokesman Dana Perino said Bush considered the Dalai Lama "a great spiritual leader."
See more from iReporters on National Wear Red Day » Savage has to take beta blockers because her heart sometimes races when she eats certain things, particularly foods containing the preservative MSG. Dunham, who had a second heart attack in 2002, wore red Friday to spread awareness about heart disease. Now 64 years old, she said she wants women everywhere to know that heart disease, the No.
So far, Netanyahu has refused U.S. calls to stop them, and said he will deliver a major speech Sunday in which he will lay out his plan for the country's peace and security. " Meanwhile, the State Department announced that Mitchell will spend two days in Syria this weekend as part of the Obama administration's vision for comprehensive peace in the region. U.S. envoy George Mitchell says Israel and the United States will remain close allies.
The Maryland couple currently cares for 116 cats and six dogs at Rude Ranch Animal Rescue, which they run out of their home in Harwood. " Bob and Katherine Rude run an animal shelter out of their home in Harwood, Maryland. Eventually, Bob and Katherine left their government jobs to work at the shelter full time.
Beatriz Reyes, 41, has been credited with saving two of the three children who survived the crash which killed 154 people. Beatriz Reyes has been released from hospital after surviving the plane crash which killed 154 people. Reyes was in seat 5-D. She said she remained conscious throughout the crash. "
Second seed Andy Roddick is forced to retire with an ankle injury during the first set of his Queen's Club semifinal against fellow-American James Blake, meaning he misses out on a final showdown against British top seed Andy Murray. Andy Roddick feels his ankle injury before retiring from his semifinal against fellow-American James Blake. Meanwhile, Murray swept into his first-ever Queen's final with a ruthless 6-2 6-4 win over unseeded Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero.
I think that everything in life happens for a reason, and I'm just blessed to have this opportunity," Farrell said. She hopes the extra attention will help launch her show business career. " Farrell did not name the groups.
-- The company that produced the peanut butter linked to a nationwide salmonella outbreak said late Tuesday that it was voluntarily recalling all products made in its Blakely, Georgia, plant. The salmonella outbreak has been spreading across much of the country since September. CNN's Miriam Falco contributed to this report.
The U.N. mission's previous mandate has actually ceased to exist in the wake of Georgia's aggression against South Ossetia last August," said Vitaly Churkin, Russia's U.N. ambassador, who said it was "unacceptable" to extend the mission. As a result of last year's war, Russia now considers South Ossetia and Abkhazia sovereign nations independent from Georgia. He called Russia's position "unconstructive."
The end of analog television frees up that part of the broadcast spectrum for other uses. American TV viewers were given four extra months to get ready for the switch, when Congress voted early this year to delay the digital TV transition. By 12:01 a.m. Saturday, broadcasters must have shut down their outdated analog transmitters, leaving static to watch for those who are not ready.
Cristiano Ronaldo should be allowed to leave European champions Manchester United for Real Madrid if he wants, says FIFA president Sepp Blatter. Let's see, I agree completely with the president of FIFA. Questioned about the protracted wrangle over the 23-year-old's future, Blatter told Sky News that the practice of binding players to lengthy contracts amounts to "modern slavery".
I have always said that recovery is a life-long process and that I will do whatever it takes to preserve my health," Kennedy, 41, wrote in Friday's release. " I have decided to temporarily step away from my normal routine," Rep. Patrick J. Kennedy says in a statement. CNN's Dana Bash contributed to this report.
Marcus Schrenker was taken to a hospital after he was found in Quincy, Florida, on Tuesday, authorities said. He was taken to Tallahassee Memorial HealthCare, Porter said. The man was found in Quincy, Florida, with marks on his body consistent with a suicide attempt, said Lt.
Jamison Green transitioned from female to male just before his 40th birthday. Chaz, here's hoping your transition from female to male will be effortless, but experience tells me you're liable to have (at least) a few surprises and inconveniences along the way. And now Chaz Bono announces his transition through his publicist.
Lapin: You said on your bio that you want to leave the world a better place. The NBA's Dwyane Wade started a foundation to help inspire kids in at-risk situations. Dwyane Wade of the Miami Heat is one of those good guys.
It just feels like the right time." Rising from the dead after being killed off over two years ago, Captain America is being resurrected by Marvel Comics. Stay tuned.
The rebels -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) -- have fought for an independent state in Sri Lanka since 1983. Our staff are witnessing an unimaginable humanitarian catastrophe," said Pierre Krahenbuhl, the Red Cross' director of operations. " The United Nations estimates that more than 50,000 civilians are trapped there.
I was pretty sure he would be OK," Gurnon said of Phillips, adding, "as a captain at sea, in a lifeboat, he was in an environment he was comfortable with even if he was sharing it with four armed Somali pirates. " Richard Phillips, right, stands with U.S. Navy Cmdr. Capt.
Rezaie, no ally of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Sayyed Ali Khamenei, was a founder of the Revolutionary Guard in 1979 and its leader from 1981 to 1997, a period that included the devastating eight-year war with Iraq. " What is important is to just start the talks. The Revolutionary Guard eventually came to dominate the military.
Mir Hossein Moussavi, Iran's former prime minister, has emerged as a serious contender to Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who was, for months, considered a shoo-in for re-election to the Iranian presidency. He's also taken an usual step in politics in Iran by relying heavily on his wife, a college professor. Presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi holds up the "V" sign after casting his vote on Friday.
ROME, Italy -- Cristiano Ronaldo and Wayne Rooney scored a goal in each half as Manchester United won 2-0 in Roma's Olympic Stadium to virtually assure the Premier League leaders a place in the Champions League semifinals. With Barcelona taking a 1-0 lead over Schalke in the other semifinal, it looks increasingly likely that United will face the Catalan giants for a place in the Moscow final mext month. E-mail to a friend
iReport.com: Share your thoughts on how the pirates are being handled Phillips is being held by four gunmen in the covered, fiberglass lifeboat. The gunfire forced the sailors, who did not return fire, back to the guided missile destroyer USS Bainbridge, the official said. Capt.
Comedian Steve Harvey says real men like to provide and protect, but some also like to cheat. That's not what happens with a mama's boy." We profess, we provide and we protect," he says. "
Vinokourov was originally suspended for one year by his federation (KCF) after the pre-race favorite was thrown out of the 2007 Tour de France for blood doping. The International Cycling Union (UCI) disputed the length of the ban which should have been for two years under their rules. This year's Tour de France runs from July 4-26 while Vinokourov has been told by CAS he can resume competitive action two days before the race ends in Paris.
Patients of Alzheimer's, the leading cause of dementia, can easily become confused or disoriented, and it's common for them to wander from their home and not be able to find their way back. Sixty percent of Alzheimer's patients will get lost at least once, said Carle. -- A new shoe outfitted with a GPS chip aims to offer peace of mind to Alzheimer's patients and their caregivers.
Jerry Damman, who lives on a farm in Iowa, told CNN, "You never give up hope, [but] things dim after all those years." The FBI is conducting DNA testing, Smith said. Nassau County police turned the case over to the FBI in Detroit.
According to a Justice Department memo released in April 2009 by the Obama administration, Zubaydah was waterboarded at least 83 times by CIA interrogators in August 2002. See key players in interrogation policy » Khalid Sheik Mohammad, the self-proclaimed mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, told the military panel he made up stories when tortured. The sections made public on Monday still remain heavily blacked out.
Khamenei appealed to Iranians on Tuesday to stand behind the Islamic republic. " Also Tuesday, Iran's powerful Guardian Council announced a partial vote recount, an apparent U-turn after the country's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei endorsed ultraconservative Ahmadinejad's win. Al-Alam footage shows Ahmadinejad supporters rallying Tuesday in central Tehran.
The mullahs are swimming against the dominant current of Iranian society. Has the Islamic revolution run out of ideological steam? The ruling mullahs face an unprecedentedly serious crisis at home.
Only two out of the nine stadiums in Nigeria are close to being ready for the tournament which is scheduled to take place between October 24 and November 15, according to FIFA. The recent violence -- which has included attacks on pipelines and hostage-taking -- has limited shipment of crude oil supplies out of Nigeria, Africa's largest producer. At that time, MEND destroyed several oil facilities, forcing Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as many as 1 million barrels of oil per day, or 40 percent.
We're here today to re-emphasize -- as we have in the past -- to the Latino community and all undocumented workers that they have the same rights once they're on the job as any New York citizen." -- Two undocumented workers from Mexico and one from Ecuador have reached court settlements in recent weeks for a total of $3.85 million in damages for New York construction-site accidents, an attorney for the men announced Wednesday. " Don't be afraid to talk to a lawyer."
Prlly spend a good amount of the $$$......but ya gotta save some 2 b smart of course! I felt like I was gonna die," the eventual champion said of the texting gauntlet, getting a big LOL from the audience. Kate Moore, 15, of Des Moines, Iowa, out-texted more than 250,000 participants for the texting title in New York.
Jada Pinkett Smith's new TV show, "HawthoRNe," premieres Tuesday on TNT. Will Smith will produce, with son Jaden playing the lead role, opposite Jackie Chan. What does that mean?'"
But not knowing where in the body the cancer has originated and what type of cancer we are dealing with is a double blow, it's double agony," Symons told CNN. That inevitably complicates treatment, as doctors are at a loss as to whether they are dealing with breast, lung or countless other types of cancer. " Symons said he also wanted to help others faced with the challenging diagnosis.
She was one of four Americans to die in the Sadr City bombing Tuesday. Suveges was the second BAE employee to die in a combat zone this year. Nicole Suveges, a political scientist working toward her doctorate, died in a Sadr City bombing Tuesday.
The Pakistani government has been criticized for not cracking down on militants along its border with Afghanistan. The Pakistani military on Tuesday completed its operation to eliminate and expel militants in Dir and is now focusing on the Buner district, Abbas said. Moulvi Sahib will lead.
We're hoping that the world attention does not end from what the Iranians are doing right now, because this is not going to end in the next few days, because this is a long haul, a long battle," said Washington protest and group organizer Morteza Ahmady. " The demonstration came in the wake of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev hosting Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Moscow on Tuesday, despite allegations of ballot fraud in Ahmadinejad's re-election last week. " A Tuesday meeting of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, left, and Dmitry Medvedev has angered Iranian-Americans.
Melissa Huckaby, 28, was arrested and charged with killing and raping 8-year-old Sandra Cantu, a friend of her 5-year-old daughter. Huckaby was arrested Friday night after questioning by police. Melissa Huckaby is charged with killing 8-year-old Sandra Cantu, who was a friend of her own daughter. "
HLN Anchor Robin Meade chats with former president George H.W. Bush on his 85th birthday. Before the jumps, Meade sat down with Bush to learn more about why he sky-dives. Meade: The one guy at the helm?
Building upon the success of the Green Week franchise, CNN International expands its environmental coverage this year with special Earth Day reports on April 22, and plans additional specials in July and October and a series of comprehensive reports around the Copenhagen Climate Conference in December. In addition, CNN International will change the network's signature red logo to green during the coverage. " CNN International is committed to green coverage," said Katherine Green, senior vice president of CNN International. "
Let us know what you think below. At Real Madrid he would be one ego among many. Football Fan Zone presents five reasons why Cristiano Ronaldo should stay at Manchester United and five reasons why he should move to Real Madrid.
Ruben Navarrette says hate crimes should be punished severely because they're aimed at society as a whole. Here's to vigilance. You get the picture.
The town first came up with the idea of a companion statue for Superman in 2005. Metropolis wants its Lois Lane statue. What about the prospects for Lois Lane? "
More than half of people cannot pinpoint the exact location of the human heart on a diagram, and nearly 70 percent can't correctly identify the shape of the lungs, according to the survey. This lack of knowledge isn't just embarrassing -- it could lead to a poorer quality of health care, some experts say. Kelly believes the problem could be "even more profound" in the United States, although a similar study has not been conducted in America.
It is not yet known if Megan McAllister, Markoff's fiancee, would visit him in jail, but in an e-mail sent to ABC News, she said police have the wrong man and "was set up." " The parents, brother and sister-in-law of accused killer Philip Markoff visited him in jail on Friday. Police have said Brisman, a model, advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist, a popular online classifieds service.
Demjanjuk, a retired auto worker, has been fighting charges of Nazi war crimes for more than two decades. Demjanjuk, 89, is wanted by German authorities for his alleged involvement during World War II in killings at Sobibor, a Nazi death camp in Poland. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents remove John Demjanjuk from his home Tuesday.
Apy said she found out Monday afternoon about the court's decision, which calls for 8-year-old Sean Goldman to be turned over to the U.S. Consulate in Rio de Janeiro on Wednesday. David Goldman has been fighting for custody of his son, Sean, since his mother took him to Brazil in 2004. Sean's mother, who was Brazilian, divorced Goldman, and in 2004 returned to Brazil with Sean.
Al Qaeda has considered relocating its base to Somalia or Yemen, according to a former U.S. official who is familiar with the intelligence. This is the third message from al-Zawahiri espousing the views of the al Qaeda terror network in 2009; the other two focused on Israel's recent military operation against Hamas leaders in Gaza. The 25-minute audio recording, titled "From Kabul to Mogadishu," focuses primarily on the "important developments" in Somalia, which al-Zawahiri called "a step on the path of victory of Islam."
The nations hope to hammer out a deal in which Libya would "resolve all outstanding claims in good faith" and offer "fair compensation" to victims and their families, he said. " Outstanding terrorism claims have been a problem for Libya in its attempts to normalize relations with the United States and to begin development of its oil resources. And some of the largest U.S. oil companies are eager to begin exploration and development of Libya oil fields, among the 10 largest in the world.
Before she left campus, police learned, Murray had e-mailed her professors and informed them she'd be absent for a few days because of a death in the family. A $40,000 reward is being offered for any information leading to her whereabouts or the arrest of the person responsible for her disappearance. Murray's family and friends said no one in the family had died.
See the nominee gallery » Best Picture "Atonement" "Juno" "Michael Clayton" "No Country for Old Men" "There Will Be Blood" Actor George Clooney, "Michael Clayton" Daniel Day-Lewis, "There Will Be Blood" Johnny Depp, "Sweeney Todd the Demon Barber of Fleet Street" Tommy Lee Jones, "In the Valley of Elah" Viggo Mortensen, "Eastern Promises" Actress Cate Blanchett, "Elizabeth: The Golden Age" Julie Christie, "Away From Her" Marion Cotillard, "La Vie en Rose" Laura Linney, "The Savages" Ellen Page, "Juno" Supporting Actor Casey Affleck, "The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford" Javier Bardem, "No Country for Old Men" Hal Holbrook, "Into the Wild" Philip Seymour Hoffman, "Charlie Wilson's War" Tom Wilkinson, "Michael Clayton" Supporting Actress Cate Blanchett, "I'm Not There" Ruby Dee, "American Gangster" Saoirse Ronan, "Atonement" Amy Ryan, "Gone Baby Gone" Tilda Swinton, "Michael Clayton" Director Julian Schnabel, "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" Jason Reitman, "Juno" Tony Gilroy, "Michael Clayton" Joel Coen and Ethan Coen, "No Country for Old Men" Paul Thomas Anderson, "There Will Be Blood" Foreign Film "Beaufort," Israel "The Counterfeiters," Austria "Katyn," Poland "Mongol," Kazakhstan "12," Russia Adapted Screenplay Christopher Hampton, "Atonement" Sarah Polley, "Away from Her" Ronald Harwood, "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" Joel Coen & Ethan Coen, "No Country for Old Men" Paul Thomas Anderson, "There Will Be Blood" Original Screenplay Diablo Cody, "Juno" Nancy Oliver, "Lars and the Real Girl" Tony Gilroy, "Michael Clayton" Brad Bird, Jan Pinkava and Jim Capobianco, "Ratatouille" Tamara Jenkins, "The Savages." Winners will be announced February 24. Who'll win and who will lose?
-- A federal jury Thursday found a 32-year-old Minnesota woman guilty of illegally downloading music from the Internet and fined her $80,000 each -- a total of $1.9 million -- for 24 songs. Cara Duckworth, a spokeswoman for the Recording Industry Association of America, said the association was "pleased that the jury agreed with the evidence and found the defendant liable." " Attorney Joe Sibley said that his client was shocked at the fine, noting that the price tag on the songs she downloaded was 99 cents.
Beef Background Humans began domesticating cattle, Bos taurus, about 8,500 years ago. Americans love beef; we eat nearly 63 pounds per person each year. Buy in bulk.
It wasn't long after the grunge era started that other indie rock bands like Dinosaur Jr., Sebadoh, Superchunk, fIREHOSE and a wealth of others broke out and started becoming a bit more accessible." iReport.com: 'Their music was bland and depressing' Amy Suarez, who called the record "the pinnacle of my music heaven," said that opinions of "Nevermind" and the grunge movement are probably just a reflection of the different generations. " iReport.com: Passing grunge onto the next generation Pat Ferguson said grunge also was crucial to indie rock becoming mainstream. "
Because so much is still unknown at this point, the main risk factor is people traveling to areas where cases have already been identified. " Unfortunately, since this is a new strain of influenza, the flu vaccine for this past flu season offers no protection. " So far, Mexico has been hardest hit by swine flu.
Pajitnov: First of all, it's a very simple game and it has a really strong creative spirit in it. Last year 10 percent of all games on mobile phones in this country were Tetris. Pajitnov: Yes.
The number of refugees and internally displaced people who returned home in 2008 was around 2 million, a decline from 2007, the report said. The number of "uprooted people worldwide" in 2008 was 42 million, a drop of about 700,000 from 2007, according to the report. " The decline in part reflects deteriorating security conditions, namely in Afghanistan and Sudan."
I was addressing those who started riots and set up fires and attacked people," he told the state-run news agency IRINN in an interview. " Key religious conservatives have publicly complained of Ahmadinejad's treatment of the protesters in rallies demanding a new vote. Everyone should come.
Watch how Pace details the mistakes made at Iraq war's start » And he continued to voice his support for the Iraq invasion. " Pace will retire when his two-year term ends this month. Outgoing Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Peter Pace says he now thinks more troops were needed at the war's start. "
As part of that, the airport recently launched the initial phases of a program that uses a scent called "Breeze" to help enhance visitors' mood. But wait, what are they singing? Welcome to parody with a purpose.
A cancerous tumor in 13-year-old Danny Hauser's chest has shrunk significantly since he was ordered by a court last month to resume chemotherapy treatment, a family spokesman said. I feel well. It's a very well-rounded program.
In 1999, Kepner lost both hands and feet to a strep infection. Kepner shows no signs of transplant rejection, Lee said. The nine-hour operation completed on Monday was the first double hand transplant in the United States.
Police say they believe the girl was abducted. " Croslin told police she woke up around 3 a.m. to use the bathroom and returned to find the girl missing. Cummings, 25, said earlier that he and Croslin had passed lie detector tests.
Read her blog here Deborah Lipstadt says the Holocaust love story seemed incredible on its face. First of all, they give ammunition to Holocaust deniers. In contrast, the Rosenblats were both survivors of the Holocaust.
British Airways employs just more than 40,000 people in the United Kingdom. Last month, the company posted a record annual loss of £400 million ($656 million). Its chief executive declared at the time there were "absolutely no signs of recovery" in the industry. "
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was treated and released after fracturing her elbow. She will have surgery to repair her elbow in coming weeks. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was working from home Thursday after fracturing her right elbow during a fall the day before, State Department officials said.
They also discovered that Ms. Roberts had not delivered a child at anytime in the recent past." Rescue crews first went to Korena Roberts' home in Washington County on Friday in response to a call of a newborn in distress. A 28-year-old Oregon woman has been charged with murder after the body of a new mother was found in the crawl space of her home.
The quake was centered about 235 miles (380 km) west of Panama City, near the town of David, according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The temblor occurred at 1:11 a.m. ET and residents reported feeling three aftershocks. There were no immediate reports of casualties, but damage was reported in the cities of Paso Canoa, David and Puerto Armuelles.
Sand" won album of the year honor, while a song from the set, "Please Read the Letter," won record of the year. " Coldplay took home one of the Grammys' big three honors, song of the year, for the title track of their album "Viva La Vida." Raising Sand" was produced by T Bone Burnett, whose production and oversight of the "O Brother, Where Art Thou" soundtrack won three awards -- including album of the year -- in 2002.
The suspect, Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab, wrote a letter to Pakistan's High Commission in India that was handed over to Pakistan's acting high commissioner in New Delhi on Monday evening, India's foreign ministry said. The alleged surviving attacker from last month's Mumbai terror attacks is seeking help from Pakistani officials, India said Monday. According to India's foreign ministry, Kasab, 21, stated in his letter that he and the other attackers were from Pakistan and asked for a meeting with Pakistan's High Commission.
In their response, however, prosecutors note that Vance initiated both interviews with police and waived his right to have an attorney present. Little Rock Police spokesman Lt. Vance, 28, is charged with capital murder, rape, residential burglary and theft in the death of Anne Pressly.
Once again, the report found U.S. allies in the Persian Gulf to have dismal records on trafficking. The report cites forced laborers trafficked from Asia and Africa who are subject to restrictions on movement, withholding of passports, threats, and physical and sexual abuse. Slave labor in developing countries such as Brazil, China and India is fueling part of their huge economic growth, according to a State Department report released Wednesday.
Protesters gathered outside Total's Lindsey oil refinery on Friday, June 19, after hundreds of striking workers were sacked. Early this afternoon, Total confirmed that negotiations had started between the workers' employers and ACAS, the British Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service. The statement said the project has been temporarily shut down and that all employees had until 5pm on Monday to reapply for their jobs.
Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey elephants pass the U.S. Capitol in a parade this week in Washington. That's the issue a federal judge must decide in a 9-year-old legal dispute pitting four animal rights groups against the nation's most famous circus, Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey. Closing arguments will be heard Wednesday in the case in which the circus is accused of mistreating its 54 Asian elephants, which are protected under the 1973 Endangered Species Act.
Roland S. Martin says it's time to get over the fact that baseball turned a blind eye to steroid use. Baseball had a terrible drug problem. It's done.
The 1,400-year-old coins were found in the Giv'ati car park in the City of David in the walls around Jerusalem National Park, a site that has yielded other finds, including a well-preserved gold earring with pearls and precious stones. The find is a a golden moment for Ross, who said "it is a pity that I can't take it home with me. They were in a collapsed building that dates back to the 7th century, the end of the Byzantine period.
In the pre-Wimbledon warmup action on Wednesday, top seed Dinara Safina of Russia beat Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan 6-3 6-3 in the Ordina Open in the Netherlands. The defending champion will test his injured knees by playing in two exhibition matches on grass at the Hurlingham Club in London later this week, organizers announced Wednesday. Rafael Nadal, who remains a slight injury doubt to take his place in the draw, is the top seed in the men's tournament, with the top six spots in the list following the ATP rankings list.
The New Zealand All Blacks secured a narrow 14-10 victory over France in Wellington on Saturday to square their rugby Test series at 1-1, but France still secured the Dave Gallaher Cup for the first time since it was introduced in 2000 by virtue of their five-point victory in Dunedin last week. Meanwhile, a much-changed Australia side comfortably accounted for Italy 34-12 in Melbourne on Saturday. Having been out-muscled and out-played 27-22 in the opening Test, the New Zealanders played with far greater intensity, physicality and urgency at a cold, wet and windy Westpac Stadium.
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown Wednesday condemned what one member of Parliament called "appalling racist attacks," and said he hoped the authorities would be able to "take all the action necessary to protect them." More than 100 Romanians fled their homes Tuesday night in Belfast, Northern Ireland, following what politicians called "racist attacks and intimidation." A Romanian woman and her child are escorted by police in Belfast on Wednesday. "
Raptiva's product labeling was revised in October to highlight a boxed warning about the risks of life-threatening infections, including PML. " Raptiva, a once-weekly injection for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, works by suppressing T-cells -- cells that help fight infection -- in the immune system. Those cells cause the skin inflammation associated with psoriasis.
Bahrain later clinched third spot in the group and their playoff spot with a 1-0 win over Uzbekistan. -- North Korea qualified for the 2010 World Cup finals for the first time since 1966 by battling to a 0-0 draw away to Saudi Arabia on Wednesday night. The point captured in searing temperatures in Riyadh, saw the Koreans edge into second place in Asian qualifying Group 2 to finish ahead of Saudi Arabia on goal difference and seal their place in the finals.
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger called his plane's emergency landing "a little adventure" on Twitter. A plane carrying California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger made an emergency landing Friday evening after the cockpit filled with smoke, his office said in a statement. No one was injured.
Many Iranians are viewing the team's bands as a sign of support for Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi, although that has not been confirmed. Green is the campaign color of Moussavi and has been widely worn by his supporters who have staged massive rallies in Tehran before and after last week's presidential election. The match ended 1-1.
Marilyn Damman took her toddler, Steven, and his baby sister, Pamela, to a food market in East Meadow, Long Island, in 1955. DNA test results reveal that a Michigan man is not a Long Island, New York, boy who went missing 54 years ago, according to the FBI. John Robert Barnes claims a DNA test shows he's Steven Damman, who vanished in 1955.
Two Italians, a Dane, a German, a Frenchman and a Brit walk into a space station... or will, in 2013, if all goes according to European Space Agency plans. The six new astronauts named Wednesday were chosen from more than 8,400 candidates, and are the first new ESA astronauts since 1992, the space agency said in a statement. Europe's six new astronauts hope to join their American counterparts on the Internation Space Station.
The Center for Science in the Public Interest said it informed the multinational company of its intent Thursday. A seven-year, $118 million study funded by the National Institutes of Health found last year that selenium does not prevent prostate cancer in healthy men, the center said. We are standing behind all the claims we make in support of the products," Trish McKernan, Bayer's global spokeswoman, told CNN. "
Earlier Sunday, thousands of riot police and militia lined Tehran's streets as the public rift among Iranian leaders appeared to be widening. Protesters face Iranian riot police on a street in Tehran on Saturday. The comments were reported on Press TV and on another news Web site, Khabaronline, Sunday.
The officer was a senior figure in the fight against ETA and the explosion was caused by a limpet bomb placed underneath the car, officials told CNN partner station CNN+. The Spanish national police officer killed was Eduardo Puelles, said the new Basque regional president, Patxi Lopez. " Arrigorriaga is about 30 miles south of the largest Basque city of Bilbao.
The attorneys said that, as information about the asbestos came to light, the company took numerous steps to mitigate the dangers and were open about it. But W.R. Grace denied any kind of conspiracy. The W.R. Grace plant in Libby, Montana, in an undated photograph. "
In "Year One," Jack Black stars as an inquisitive Stone Age man, with Michael Cera as his sidekick. Year One," which he directed, concerns two men -- played by Jack Black and Michael Cera -- who leave their home and, in their travels, meet biblical characters such as Cain, Abel, Abraham and Isaac. Harold Ramis thinks so. "
The American Medical Association Alliance has been trying to get movie studios to make smoking-free films. Any movie with smoking should be rated R," he said. " The American Medical Association Alliance, pointing to research that big-screen smoking leads teens to pick up the tobacco habit, called for an R rating for any movie with smoking scenes.
The New York Department of Buildings said residents in six adjacent buildings were told to leave those structures as investigators worked to determine the cause of the collapse. Watch video of the rubble » A spokeswoman for that department confirmed that the owner of the collapsed building was cited in May after inspectors noticed several vertical cracks on an exterior wall. Firefighters and other personnel arrive in the Fort Greene neighborhood on Sunday.
Hugh Masekela is the legendary South African musician whose songs were an inspiration in the fight to end apartheid. It's so diverse, like South Africa itself has so many diverse cultures. HM: When I left South Africa in 1960 I was 20 years old.
No matter what happens, Soltani and Yazdi said, Iran is changed forever by this week's events. " I'm hoping it will be good but I'm worried it will get very ugly." I believe that anything that comes out of it will be positive," Soltani said. "
Hiroki suffers from cardiomyopathy, which inflames and impairs the heart. They started a group called "helping Hiroki" and raised $1.7 million in donations. " Incredibly, that's just what Hiroki's family has done.
Egypt's Grand Mufti -- the country's highest religious official -- will review the sentence and rule on June 25 if the men will be executed, the judge said. Suzanne Tamim was found dead in her Dubai apartment in July. The singer, Suzanne Tamim, was found slain in her apartment in the United Arab Emirates.
Some Arab states look to Iran as a regional superpower that can support them financially, militarily and politically in their confrontation with the international community. -- The Arab world is among the worldwide audience that has been closely watching as events in Iran have unfolded over the past week. Recently, Egypt and Morocco accused Iran of attempting to spread the Shiite faith among its Sunni population and creating Shiite converts and activists in their communities and in the rest of the Arab world -- a charge that Iran has denied.
That's right: Hyland would show up at his office at 2:30 a.m. each day. Bob Greene recalls a radio exec who was ahead of his time by working an almost endless day. Got it?
O'Reilly: I want someone to be elected who will help resolve our energy crisis. What we're doing is investing that money. Chevron Corp. CEO David O'Reilly says Big Oil is not to blame for skyrocketing gas prices.
Gimson replaced Dr. Julie Gerberding, who was the head of the CDC from 2002 until two days ago. Health and Human Services' acting secretary has appointed Dr. Richard Besser as the interim director for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. He replaces William Gimson, who took over as interim CDC director at noon on January 20.
Peer was scheduled to fly into the United Arab Emirates on Sunday, but was informed Saturday night by telephone that she would not be granted a visa. Dubai could lose its place on the Women's Tennis Association Tour calendar after Israeli Shahar Peer was denied entry to compete at this week's event, the WTA supremo warned Monday. Shahar Peer told CNN she learned of her visa ban Saturday, just before her scheduled flight to Dubai.
The TSA wouldn't comment on the lawsuit, but said in a statement that the movement of large amounts of cash through a checkpoint may be investigated "if suspicious activity is suspected." Inside was more than $4,700 dollars in cash -- proceeds from the sale of political merchandise like T-shirts and books. The American Civil Liberties Union has taken up Bierfeldt's cause and is suing Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano, whose department includes the TSA.
The second keeper and other zoo staff tried to pull the tiger off the man but failed. A white tiger mauled a zookeeper to death at a New Zealand wildlife park Wednesday as a group of tourists watched in horror, police say. He died shortly after, Kennett said.
About 46 million people in the United States (18 percent of those under 65) lacked health insurance in 2007. The healthiest ways to spend your time The new report is based on a 2007 survey of 3,501 people. Health.com: Natural cold and flu remedies COBRA (Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act) was passed in 1985 to allow laid-off workers to continue their health insurance if they lose their job. (
But those babies who were born with HIV/AIDS in the 1980s have defied initial expectations. Lane is part of a generation that was born with the virus. I feel sick.
According to the CDC, between March 1 and Monday, 70 people in 30 states had been infected with a strain of E. coli. Included in the recall are 300,000 cases of the product. We shut down.
The high-end specialty coffee industry isn't immune to the effects of a recession, but many companies are still doing well. Tony Riffel owns Octane Coffee in Atlanta and was watching the 10th annual World Barista Championship, held in conjunction with the expo at the Georgia World Congress Center. They just get it differently."
Gen. David F. Wherley Jr., former commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard, and his wife, Ann, also were killed in the collision. The rear train was operating on "automatic" mode, which is routine during rush hour, and preliminary evidence shows that the driver may have employed the brakes, Hersman said. Fenty said 76 people were injured, and two remained in critical condition Tuesday.
In 1944 James Webb Young, an employee of JWT, defined an idea as "nothing more or less than a new combination of old elements." Being competitive comes from having better ideas than your competition: an idea about targeting a particular group of people, an idea about a new product, an idea about how or where to distribute it, or an idea about how to advertise it. Motivation and, more importantly, aligned goals, are absolutely critical to success.
The Williams sisters have dominated Wimbledon this century and contested last year's final. A potential third round showdown with top seed Dinara Safina will test her to the limit, although she would undoubtedly have the fans' support should that encounter materialize. At nearly 30, Mauresmo is now a veteran of the WTA Tour.
In June, the zoo introduced Tsuyoshi to its resident bear, an 11-year-old female named Kurumi, and waited for sparks to fly. But much to the disappointment of zookeepers, Tsuyoshi never made any amorous advances toward Kurumi. The municipal zoo in the city of Kushiro in Hokkaido brought in a polar bear cub three years ago.
Scientist and author Stephen Hawking is "very ill" and has been hospitalized, according to Cambridge University, where he is a professor. Hawking has Lou Gehrig's Disease (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, or ALS), which is usually fatal after three years. Stephen Hawking in Pasadena, California, in March.
David Rohde told his wife, Kristen Mulvihill, that he and a local reporter, Tahir Ludin, climbed over the wall of a compound late Friday where they were being held in the North Waziristan region of Pakistan. Watch CNN's Nic Robertson report on the escape » Rohde, Ludin and their driver were kidnapped outside of Kabul, Afghanistan, on November 10, and Afghan and Western officials said recently that Rohde was being held in Pakistan. They just walked over the wall of the compound," Mulvihill said, according to the newspaper.
Convicted "Unabomber" Ted Kaczynski, who terrorized the country with a series of mail bombs over nearly two decades, is fighting to stop a public auction of his diaries and other personal possessions. But experts say the most valuable items probably will be the 40,000 pages of Kaczynski's diaries and other writings. " He is one of four victims who are owed $15 million in court-ordered restitution from Kaczynski, and he told CNN the auction was important to victims.
Winzenried refused to speculate on who was behind the attacks, but Nigeria's main militant group -- the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta, or MEND -- said it had attacked an offshore facility earlier Sunday and that "the structure is ... engulfed in fire." The attacks were against pipelines in the eastern part of the Niger Delta in Nigeria, said the spokesman, Rainer Winzenried. " Investigating the attacks will be difficult because they happened in remote areas, Royal Dutch Shell says.
World War II didn't just divide the world. Ken still volunteers full time with the "Go For Broke" National Education Center, which preserves the memory of Japanese-American soldiers who served the United States in World War II. Ken (left) and Harry Akune served in the U.S. military during World War II.
Watch CNN's Karl Penhaul report on more bodies found » Brazilian officials emphasized Monday that finding bodies was their priority. Air France 447 disappeared over the Atlantic early June 1. In Washington, a U.S. defense official said the U.S. Navy will contribute two high-tech acoustic devices to listen for emergency beacons still operating in deep water.
The waterside restaurants don't shine for their innovative cuisine, but they're worth a stop for the prime real estate -- westward-facing Harbour Town is one of the best spots on the island to catch the sunset. This laid-back harbor feels like a Northeastern-style fishing village, complete with blue clapboard buildings connected by a sprawling weathered deck. Capt.
The 18-month investigation, dubbed "Operation Raw Deal," targeted traffickers who allegedly imported raw materials from China and used them to make anabolic steroids, human growth hormone and insulin growth factor, the Drug Enforcement Administration said. " Federal drug officials say they've arrested 124 people and busted 56 labs in the largest illegal steroid investigation in U.S. history. They seized more than 530 pounds of raw materials and 11.4 million steroid dosage units in the United States, officials said, enough to supply hundreds of users.
The developers agreed to rent 40 acres of the land back to Eggrel, a small portion compared to the land he grew up on, but it gave Eggrel the right to reopen the doors to Blob's Park. Blob was the great-uncle of Max Eggrel, who grew up on the land in Jessup, Maryland. There is no water or sewer on the property right now," adds Eggrel, who still lives on the property.
It's not a done deal until it's a done deal," he said. The incident followed months of racial tension in the community of about 3,000 people. Bell pleaded guilty to battery in a juvenile court and moved to Monroe, Louisiana.
On June 20, Becker led police on a high-speed chase after he allegedly broke into a man's house, according to a division statement. The agency, however, noted that Becker had "recent contact" with police in Cedar Falls, Iowa, about 25 miles to the east of Parkersburg. CNN's Kara Devlin contributed to this report.
Lisa Marie Nowak, 46, is accused of stalking Air Force Capt. Colleen Shipman and pepper-spraying her in a parking lot at Orlando International Airport in February 2007. Nowak has said she went to the airport to talk to Shipman, who had begun dating Nowak's former love interest, Navy Cmdr.
And he criticized Obama for not doing more to lift the U.S. embargo on Cuba, imposed in 1962. " -- President Obama misinterpreted Cuban President Raúl Castro's offer to start talks with the United States, Castro's brother Fidel said Wednesday, appearing to dismiss the U.S. leader's call for Cuba to release political prisoners. Obama lifted all restrictions on visits and money transfers between American citizens and relatives in Cuba this month, while Raúl Castro said Cuba is prepared to talk with the United States about "everything -- human rights, freedom of the press, political prisoners."
A pilot dragged his passenger to safety and buried him neck-deep in sand to protect him from hypothermia Sunday night after their helicopter crashed in crocodile-infested mudflats in Australia's Northern Territory. The friend remained hospitalized Monday in serious but stable condition, Badham said. The pilot later told rescuers that they flew in to take a closer look.
The decrees made it easier for companies to gain concessions for oil drilling, mining and logging, including on indigenous lands. And she asked the government to stop the political persecution of her group's leaders, including Alberto Pizango, who faces charges in Peru related to the clashes. she said.
Redding, now 19, said she has never gotten over her experience. " Savana Redding was 13 when administrators suspected that she was carrying banned drugs. No medication was found, and she later sued.
See how images have inspired change » "Every revolution needs icons and symbols -- an image that embodies a sense of universality of blight and at the same time innocence," said Roya Hakakian of Connecticut, a writer, poet and journalist who was born and raised in Iran. " The graphic video of Neda's death, caused by a gunshot fired during a protest in Tehran, Iran, records her final moments: Her eyes turn toward the camera, people scream and struggle to revive her while blood streams across her face. The image of Neda does both."
The leftist Sandinista National Liberation Front won mayoral races in 94 municipalities, while the main opposition party, the Liberal Constitutional Party (PLC), captured 46 posts and minor parties won six, according to results provided by the government. Nicaragua's election council will allow a review of the mayoral election in the nation's capital after opponents of the ruling Sandinista Party raised fraud allegations, the council's president said Wednesday. In addition, ballots were found in trash dumps in the municipalities of Tipitapa, which is part of Managua, and Leon.
There were no reports of serious injuries, but there were at least eight arrests, witnesses said. " After that, police chased down demonstrators in nearby alleys and streets, with protesters and lawmen playing cat and mouse over several tension-filled hours until the crowd began to thin out around dusk. Iranian-funded Press TV confirmed 13 fatalities, while unconfirmed reports put the number as high as 150.
Helicopter gunships and fixed-wing aircraft targeted the villages while armed militias rode in on horses and camels to force about 30,000 people from their homes, according to the report. The attacks "amount to violations of international humanitarian and human rights law," they said. " E-mail to a friend
The Pittsburgh Penguins have won the Stanley Cup for a third time after a pair of second-period goals by Max Talbot gave them a narrow 2-1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings in the deciding game of the best-of-seven series. The result proved a difficult pill to swallow for Red Wings winger Marian Hossa. We're going to enjoy this one.
The officials said the administration is planning a Monday event at the White House at which Obama will overturn the executive order signed by President George W. Bush in August 2001. President Obama will overturn Bush policy on embryonic stem cell research, administration officials say. Interactive: Unlocking the promise of stem cells » Tony Perkins of the conservative Family Research Council accused the White House of leaking the details Friday night so that the move gets little attention, declaring that it is "a slap in the face to Americans who believe in the dignity of all human life."
Rumors about his face, the ever-changing nose and lightening skin fueled the "Wacko Jacko" persona, a moniker he'd be given later and seem to embrace. He was accused of sexually abusing a 13-year-old boy. In spite of all of the rumors and his "Wacko Jacko" persona, Jackson's musical draw remained strong.
Speaking after his death in Los Angeles was announced, U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev. Al Sharpton paid tribute to the work of a "trailblazer" in helping people around the world through his charities. Total worldwide sales of more than 350 million records over his 40-year career give just a hint of the adoration there was for the "King of Pop." As fans around the world mourn it is likely Michael Jackson will be remembered as a musical hero -- but also a man with human flaws.
Teenage Australian singer Gabriella Cilmi was the first artist at the festival to pay tribute to Jackson, Friday, singing a few bars of song "Billie Jean" during her set. Singer Pharell Williams of U.S. group N.E.R.D acknowledged the music icon's legacy as his band played on the English festival's main stage, the Pyramid Stage. " A truly great artist."
The crash site was found in a remote area of the range, but no contact has been made with the pilot, the Air Force said. Emergency responders from nearby Hill Air Force Base were searching for the pilot. An F-16 from Hill Air Force Base trains in Utah in 2001.
One train was stationary when the crash happened, according to Metro General Manager John Catoe. See location of crash » The crash happened just before 5 p.m. on an above-ground track on the Red Line in the District of Columbia near the border with Takoma Park, Maryland. Both trains were on the same track, and one of them was stationary when the crash happened, said John Catoe, Metro general manager.
A lot about that day I've blocked out. My younger brother Marty has blocked it out, too. I'd been so close to my father -- yet I refused to go.
We need a global movement that mobilizes real change," said U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in a press statement. " Does climate change need to be branded to keep us engaged? -- To guard against public indifference to climate change the United Nations has enlisted a coalition of the world's leading advertising agencies.
Tiger Woods celebrates his triumph over pain with victory in the 2008 U.S. Open Since then it has gone on to become one of the most prestigious golf events in the world. Disagree with our assessment of the best moments in U.S. Open history? Here CNN takes a look at some of the greatest moments in the history of the shoot-out.
DreamWorks Studios will back out of plans to produce a movie about the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. unless King's three surviving children settle their differences over the deal, the studio said Wednesday. The purpose of making a movie about the life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. is to tell a great story which could bridge distances and bring people together," the statement said. " A longtime friend of the three Kings predicted peace may be at hand for the squabbling siblings and that all of them want Steven Spielberg's studio to portray their father's life on the big screen.
Having placed third during season two of "American Idol" -- just behind winner Ruben Studdard and runner-up Clay Aiken -- the singer is back in reality show action as the new co-host of "Gospel Dream." Locke has worked steadily since she first burst onto the "Idol" scene in 2003. How is "Gospel Dream" different?
More rumors emerged in May that Jackson had skin cancer. In 1984, Jackson was burned while singing for a Pepsi-Cola commercial in Los Angeles, when a special-effects smoke bomb misfired. The condition causes a person to lose melanin, the pigment that determines the color of skin, hair and eyes, in patches or all over the body.
After disappearing from the public eye for nearly a week, Gov. Mark Sanford, 49, admitted to having an extramarital affair with an Argentine woman. Jenny Sanford said Thursday that her husband Mark Sanford's political career is "not a concern of mine" and that she'd be just fine -- regardless of whether their marriage survives. She would not speculate whether her husband would resign as South Carolina governor. "
It's unclear when Conyers, the wife of U.S. Rep. John Conyers, began her relationship with Synagro, but court papers say she received money from Synagro until December 2007. Detroit City Council member, Monica Conyers, admits accepting bribes to sway a $1.2 billion contract vote. Conyers faces a maximum penalty of five years in prison, according to prosecutors.
Greenberg said Jackson "influenced everyone who has come after him." " Younger singers, from Justin Timberlake to Usher and Chris Brown, have emulated his dance moves, his look and his sound. God Bless him."
The case drew national headlines when the teens were charged with attempted murder and conspiracy to commit attempted murder. The men agreed to plea deals that settled lawsuits filed against them by Justin Barker and his family the year after the December 4, 2006, incident in the town of Jena, population 3,000. Hopefully, all the wounds that were opened will now be healed."
Michael's influence is felt every day in so many ways at BET Networks, and it's been that way throughout our network's entire 29-year history," she said. " Michael Jackson performed with James Brown at the BET Awards in 2003. BET CEO Lee said Sunday's show will be dedicated to Jackson and will also pay tribute to his legacy.
Michael Jackson gestures to the crowd at the March announcement of his series of London concerts. Jackson's "This Is It" shows were to begin July 8 at London's 20,000-capacity O2 Arena. " The delay comes days after the concert promoter said Jackson was in good health, contrary to media reports he was diagnosed with skin cancer.
System performance test First, the tech should perform an A/C system performance test. Proper A/C system leak tests are necessary to identify the source of a leak. Proper A/C leak test procedure The main cause of A/C system failure is refrigerant leak.
She's sold over 80 million records during a career that has spanned four decades, which she credits to hard graft fueled by an unending passion for music. " I love music. I'm a multi-tasker.
-- The woman and children held captive in a cellar for years by their incestuous father will take years to recover from their disturbing ordeal, doctors warned Wednesday as the family at the center of the case remained in psychiatric care. Members of the Fritzl family will also be offered the chance to adopt new identities in an effort to help them lead normal lives, officials said. Elizabeth and five of the children were continuing to receive treatment at a local clinic near Amstetten after being reunited on Sunday.
Gene Seymour says we want to relive Michael Jackson's youth, not the sad and bizarre aspects of his later life. The promise of eternal youth was embedded in pop music way before Jackson and his four brothers emerged from the grit of Gary, Indiana, to jump-start Motown's winning streak. Even the eccentricities, at the peak of his influence, seemed calculated to promote, if not perpetuate, his product.
Here in the United States, I hope you join me and thousands of my compatriots in a memorial campaign for Neda by asking your religious and spiritual leaders to include a prayer for Neda and other fallen Iranians of the recent days in this week's services. I was 12 in 1978, yet I was as undaunted as any adult. My coming-of-age years coincided with the Iranian revolution of 1979.
He was 50. He died at UCLA Medical Center. As news of his death spread, stunned fans began to react and remember one of the most remarkable careers in music.
I remember growing up in the Middle East, influenced, enjoying his music, waiting for his albums," CNN iReporter Rany Freeman, an Egyptian living in Canada, said in a video submission. " On Friday, Chinese netizens had set up a Web site memorial to Jackson, and on Fanfou.com, China's version of Twitter, the pop star has become the most popular tag. wrote Vrishti Bhowmik.
AOL Autos: Aggressive car buying tactics • You can shop the lowest price around to other dealerships to see if any of them are willing to beat it. You can do nothing. To begin the process, get your free price quotes from AOL Autos.
By Thursday evening, 9 of the 10 top trending topics on micro-blogging site Twitter were about Michael Jackson. From Facebook to Flickr, Twitter to YouTube, stunned and saddened fans came together across the vast online universe to share their memories of the iconic pop star, who died Thursday afternoon in Los Angeles. Many people found out about Michael Jackson's death through Web sites like Twitter and Facebook. "
LONDON, England -- A huge crowd gathered in London, UK on Friday for a mass "moonwalk" -- paying tribute to Michael Jackson by dancing to his most iconic songs and replicating his famous walk. You guys are great, let's continue dancing." He told CNN: "This is a celebration.
TV Everywhere represents an alternative -- and possible threat -- to the popular Hulu model. With a service called TV Everywhere, Comcast and Time Warner will give cable subscribers access to "premium" television content via broadband, and later cellphone connections. For these subscribers, TV Everywhere represents a potential win.
Cheyenne Woods was four strokes shy of qualifying for the weekend rounds of the LPGA Tour's Wegmans event at Locust Hill in Rochester, New York. Competing on a sponsor's invite, the college amateur followed up her opening 75 with a two-over-par 74 to be well down the field. Cheyenne is the daughter of world No.
The e-mails] are almost like reading a novel that you would embarrassed to buy," Mosteller said. " Jenny Sanford, here with her husband, was a Wall Street executive before she married Mark Sanford. As romantic e-mails between her husband and his mistress were published by a local newspaper Thursday, the state's first lady, a former Wall Street executive, stayed far away from reporters.
And the viewers loved it, regardless of their race or ethnicity. At a time when MTV was criticizing for not featuring black artists, Michael Jackson's success changed all that. In so doing, he forced an industry still informed by stubborn prejudices to rethink itself.
Investigators are looking at the possible role of airspeed sensors known as pitot tubes, among other factors, as a possible cause of the Flight 447 crash. United States accident investigators are probing two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s -- the same type of plane that crashed into the Atlantic nearly a month ago. Investigators are looking into incidents aboard two other Airbus A330s.
The bill would reduce nationwide greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent by 2020 and 83 percent by 2050 through a so-called "cap-and-trade" program under which companies would buy and sell emissions credits. Right here. The bill passed 219-212, with virtually no Republican support.
Of World Refugee Day, actress and humanitarian Angelina Jolie says, "Please do not forget them, and remember them on this day." The world's population at the end of last year included 42 million displaced people, 80 percent of them in developing nations, according to a report this week by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. As World Refugee Day approaches -- it falls on Saturday this year -- the forecast calls for even more dramatic weather changes in the coming weeks.
It's an essential step in reducing the number of new HIV infections and extending the lives of those who are infected. By increasing the number of people who know their HIV status, we can decrease the number of new HIV infections, and help save thousands of lives. Increased HIV testing will make it possible to significantly reduce the number of new infections.
I wanted to save him from the inevitable, which is what has just happened." " I wanted to 'save him'," she wrote. " Presley called Jackson "an incredibly dynamic force and power that was not to be underestimated." "
It was a collaboration," Gamble said. " Tito was a great guitarist -- they were all great musicians." 1 hits and gained a huge fan base, along with an animated TV show.
But the United States calls Iran the world's top state sponsor of terrorism because of its support of the Lebanese Shiite Muslim militia Hezbollah and other militant groups. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Thursday that he won't push to visit the site of the destroyed World Trade Center during his visit to the United Nations next week. E-mail to a friend
There were no reports of serious injuries, but there were at least eight arrests, witnesses said. " After that, police chased down demonstrators in nearby alleys and streets, with protesters and lawmen playing cat and mouse over several tension-filled hours until the crowd began to thin out around dusk. Iranian-funded Press TV confirmed 13 fatalities, while unconfirmed reports put the number as high as 150.
-- Two of the biggest stars in the NBA will be team-mates next season after a blockbuster trade which sees Shaquille O'Neal move from the Phoenix Suns to the Cleveland Cavaliers -- the home of league MVP LeBron James. Shaquille O'Neal is hoping his arrival will put a smile on the faces of Cleveland fans. My numbers are not good enough to retire.
I remember growing up in the Middle East, influenced, enjoying his music, waiting for his albums," CNN iReporter Rany Freeman, an Egyptian living in Canada, said in a video submission. " On Friday, Chinese netizens had set up a Web site memorial to Jackson, and on Fanfou.com, China's version of Twitter, the pop star has become the most popular tag. wrote Vrishti Bhowmik.
On Wednesday, House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said he plans to seek $3 billion for Metro transit capital improvements, some of which would likely be spent to replace some those old Series 1000 cars, purchased between 1974 and 1978. Upon impact, the train pulling those Series 1000 cars jumped on top of the other train. The Series 1000 cars comprise a quarter of Metro transit's 1,126 cars, or nearly 300 cars, Gates said.
Former "American Idol" contestant Carly Smithson is the lead singer of the new band We Are The Fallen. The dark-haired Irish rocker made it to the top six during season seven of "American Idol" before being eliminated. Carly Smithson wants to make one thing clear: She is not the new lead singer of Evanescence.
Seattle's Central Library is one of Rem Koolhaas' recent builds. Responsible for the iconic CCTV headquarters in Beijing the Dutch architect was named one of "The World's Most Influential People" by Time magazine. Rem Koolhaas revolutionizes city landscapes with distinctive and cutting-edge buildings.
It's not a done deal until it's a done deal," he said. The incident followed months of racial tension in the community of about 3,000 people. Bell pleaded guilty to battery in a juvenile court and moved to Monroe, Louisiana.
Alfa Demmellash helps low-income entrepreneurs in New Jersey start or grow their businesses. " And from her small office in Jersey City, her nonprofit, Rising Tide Capital, is helping small businesses flourish. Want to get involved?
There is growing concern that Somalia could be the next base for al Qaeda as U.S. forces pound their positions in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Kelly said the weapons shipments are in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions, which ban some arms shipments to Somalia. Somali government soldiers, who are fighting Islamic militants, patrol Mogadishu. "
What's fueling New Argentine Cinema? The combination of cheap production costs and a flourishing artistic community has made Buenos Aires a hub of creativity. No, it's not a Las Vegas casino but rather a neighborhood in Buenos Aires where many film and TV studios are based.
The giant New Zealander, who became a global name after an electrifying series of performances on the wing for the All Blacks at the 1995 World Cup, retired in 2007 after a succession of injuries hampered his attempt to return following a kidney transplant. Jonah Lomu pictured in action for New Zealand's All Blacks during the 1999 World Cup in France. Former rugby superstar Jonah Lomu has revealed that he is poised to make a shock playing comeback at the age of 34 with French third-division club Marseille Vitrolles.
Tess Sosa and her daughter have had a hard time forgetting US Airways Flight 1549's emergency landing in New York City's Hudson River in January. The airline and insurer say compensation to the passengers has already exceeded US Airway's obligation, adding they gave $5,000 to passengers after the incident. The family just received another $1,000 bill for therapy sessions. "
Players from the London Stonewall Lions hold the 2008 Gay World Soccer Championship trophy aloft Co-ordinated by the International Gay & Lesbian Football Association (IGLFA), the tournament, which began on Sunday, is being hosted by the Federal Triangles club in Washington D.C., and supported by the local Major League Soccer (MLS) side D.C. United. Although the tournament involves club sides -- rather than national teams, there is still a strong international feel with players from the U.S., United Kingdom, Ireland, Canada, Germany, Australia, Denmark, Belgium, Sweden, Argentina, Italy, and Norway all taking part. Last year the tournament was in London and sanctioned by the Football Association."
Angelina Jolie is, by far, the most famous celebrity on the planet," he said. " 1 spot on Forbes' 2009 Celebrity 100 list. Obama is the first sitting head of state to appear in Forbes' Celebrity 100 rankings.
Redding, now 19, said she has never gotten over her experience. " Savana Redding was 13 when administrators suspected that she was carrying banned drugs. No medication was found, and she later sued.
Writer-director Guillermo del Toro is still pulling the strings, and the key creative personnel are all back, including Ron Perlman in the title role, Selma Blair as the pyrokinetic Liz (now Mrs. Hellboy), Doug Jones as the piscine Abe Sapien (the brains to Red's brawn), and -- behind the scenes -- cinematographer Guillermo Navarro, and art whizzes Stephen Scott and Peter Francis. An outsize personality such as Perlman is in his element here. Ron Perlman returns in the title role in "Hellboy II: The Golden Army."
Already hugely popular in China, she has been finding similar success farther afield: Her first album sold 2 million copies in Southeast Asia, and she has appeared on MTV. One Dream." I just played everywhere on the grassland.
Experts say Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, or MRSA, a form of staph resistant to common antibiotics, has become a more prevalent problem in settings such as contact sports that involve skin-to-skin touching. Put something between your skin and shared equipment -- for example, sit on a towel on a bench. This is a health concern."
It wasn't that we were making fun of the Jena 6 incident. The page has since been made private, but the video was posted on YouTube and The Smoking Gun. A student who videoed a re-enactment of the "Jena 6" incident apologized and said the video was not intended to make fun of the six black students arrested in the beating of a white classmate, according to The News-Star newspaper of Monroe, Louisiana.
Jackson's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was surrounded hours before dawn Friday by candles, flowers, posters and balloons. Valerie Rojas Pruitt, 12, lights a candle Friday at Michael Jackson's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Watch the Walk of Fame shrine grow » "He was an innovator," a fan named Delores said outside the theater. "
His team tried to summit via the mountain's notorious West Ridge in 2006. Bunting, 40, led the expedition of 21 army mountaineers to Everest's West Ridge two years ago. Soldier mountaineer Dave Bunting on Mount Everest.
The Argentine government has blamed farmers looking to clear their land for crops and grazing for the fires, which are estimated to cover 173,000 acres (70,000 hectares). " Sections of major highways and the Buenos Aires port, among the busiest in the world, have been closed. It's incredibly irresponsible."
Summer is the deadliest season for lightning strikes because of the frequency of thunderstorms and the fact that more people are outdoors. They are among 11 people killed already this month by lightning strikes in the United States, according to the National Weather Service. " Six of the 15 lightning-strike deaths in the U.S. so far this year occurred in California, Texas and Florida, with the rest scattered through the South, Midwest and West.
The giant New Zealander, who became a global name after an electrifying series of performances on the wing for the All Blacks at the 1995 World Cup, retired in 2007 after a succession of injuries hampered his attempt to return following a kidney transplant. Jonah Lomu pictured in action for New Zealand's All Blacks during the 1999 World Cup in France. Former rugby superstar Jonah Lomu has revealed that he is poised to make a shock playing comeback at the age of 34 with French third-division club Marseille Vitrolles.
And I speak for all of them, as far as I'm concerned. Ed McMahon and his wife, Pam, talk to CNN's Larry King about their mortgage problems. Selling the house right now is a tremendous operation .... We've had this house on the market for two years.
I think that there is an underlying thread that he always expressed, always a bit of humor, always a bit of longing," said Olivia Harrison. " The Beatles are present too. But, it's all George, you know."
The family did not release any details about who would deliver the eulogy or how many people have been invited. A private funeral service for actress Farrah Fawcett will be conducted Tuesday afternoon at the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels in downtown Los Angeles, California, according to her publicist. CNN's Karen Bonsignore contributed to this report.
Last week, they led about 15,000 marchers to Jena, a town of 3,000, to protest how authorities handled the cases of Bell and five other black teens accused of beating white high school student Justin Barker. Gov. Kathleen Blanco said that she discussed Bell's case with LaSalle Parish District Attorney Reed Walters on Wednesday, and that Walters agreed not to challenge a state appeals court ruling that dismissed Bell's battery and conspiracy convictions. -- The case of Mychal Bell, a black teenager accused of beating a white classmate in Jena, Louisiana, will be heard in juvenile court, Louisiana's governor announced Wednesday.
Scientific tests prove bones housed in the Basilica of St. Paul in Rome are those of the apostle St. Paul himself, according to Pope Benedict XVI. The tests were carried out by inserting a probe into a small opening in the sarcophagus, "which had not been opened for many centuries," the pontiff said. The tomb also holds "traces of a precious linen cloth, purple in color and laminated with pure gold, and a blue colored textile with linen filaments," the pope said.
Cal Ripken Jr. will always be known for his consecutive games played streak, but it may surprise many people that just two years into his big-league career, he already was planning for life after baseball. I got to reflect on what my parents had taught me, the values and principles, right and wrong," Ripken said. " It's good to be in touch with those things."
The locals know each other, if only by face, and the police chief personally directs school traffic and walks the entire town daily to check on local businesses. Savage and her neighbors say they had no clue that Thurmond, 36, had a wife, let alone four kids; they were also oblivious that Thurmond may have held the five hostage in the three-bedroom mobile home for three years. " Residents of Beaver Creek in Lavonia, Georgia, say they had no idea a neighbor was holding his family captive.
His mother Judy has been a tireless advocate for hate crime laws and victims. Thus, there appear to be various instances where federal help or prosecution are still necessary. However, reporting data indicates that some states apparently provide limited assistance to hate crime victims.
Brazilian playmaker Kaka was officially presented as a Real Madrid player, after being handed the number eight jersey in front of thousands of supporters and a huge media contingent at the club's Bernabeu stadium on Tuesday evening. Kaka parades his new Real Madrid jersey after completing his $92 million transfer to the Spanish giants. Latest transfer gossip and rumors Kaka, who completed his medical earlier in the day having landed in the Spanish capital in the morning, has penned a six-year contract and has cost Madrid a reported $92 million.
The new map consists of 1.3 million images taken by NASA's Terra satellite that have been pieced together to form a unified picture of the planet. The images were taken by a Japanese imaging instrument called the Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer, or ASTER. " The American space agency and Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry have released a new digital topographic map of Earth that accurately portrays more of our planet than ever before.
The international backlash against the Green Dam directive may be further delaying the pre-instillation process. Watch why the filtering software mandate has been postponed » The extent to which the software's can block harmful content is still in question. Mok also questions the true intent of the Green Dam software. "
Jackson's albums "Number Ones," "The Essential Michael Jackson" and "Thriller" all sold more than 100,000 copies last week, close to 20,000 more copies than the Black Eyed Peas' "The E.N.D." Scores of listeners have downloaded Jackson's music on iTunes as well. 1. 1 in iTunes downloads.
But a financial drama has arrived on the movie sets and production suites of India's largest city courtesy of the world economic downturn and a producer's strike -- fewer films are being made; less tickets are being sold and money is suddenly tight. " It's the new reality: Money that was gushing into the market from abroad to finance films a year and a half ago is now just trickling in. Foreign money has poured into Mumbai's flamboyant Hindi-language film industry, which churns out more than 1,000 films each year.
Founded in 1802 by Napoleon Bonaparte to recognize outstanding accomplishment, the chevalier is given annually to around 3,500 Frenchmen and women -- but few non-nationals. Of the 13 honorees this year from outside France, two are American. He began his career in broadcast journalism in 1970 in Milwaukee.
A hospital has raised questions over the accuracy of the story, and Clinton's campaign has said although they had no reason to doubt the story, they were unable to confirm the details. Clinton spokesman Mo Elleithee said, "She had no reason to doubt his word." " Sen. Hillary Clinton was repeating a story she heard from someone on the campaign trail.
Terry Kimball, 60 at the time, was last seen with Scott Kimball in September 2004, according to a 2007 federal search warrant affidavit. McLeod, the daughter of Kimball's ex-wife, was last seen getting a ride to work from Kimball, according to the 2007 affidavit. It wasn't random."
Josebachvili said the company was able to break even within six months. But one New York City company, offering trips aimed at the young and thrifty, is capitalizing on the urbanite's desire to get away -- and finding success despite the downturn. Terrifying.
His work was always in conversation with black culture both in the United States and more globally," said Neal. But Yetnikoff said he threatened to pull videos of his other artists unless MTV played Jackson's videos. I think [it] troubled a lot of people that he left his skin color behind and seemed somehow to be ashamed of who he was [when] he was born," Contee said.
Southwest Airlines CEO Gary Kelly tells CNN the airline is surprised at FAA charges. Kelly told CNN safety was never an issue. " Gary Kelly said Southwest was caught off guard when the Federal Aviation Administration notified it on Thursday that it may be hit with a record $10.2 million federal fine for alleged violations involving fuselage crack inspections.
Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died on June 25 at his rented estate in Holmby Hills. Another hearing has been set for Monday. -- You don't understand.
I will not recognize the legitimacy of the government which has resulted from this process," Karrubi said in the letter. Unless we succeed in this, this government will not have legitimacy. Presidential candidate Mehdi Karrubi wrote a letter in his party's newspaper, saying he would not recognize the government and vowing to "stand by the people and the revolution, until the end of my life."
Post your comments to the Screening Room blog and we'll publish the best. Think we've missed one? Sound off and read others' thoughts in the Screening Room blog.
I am not sure there is more oil. For us, there is a pressure. HA): Is there is excess oil to be put on the market?
I assure you that my service and dedication to God remain intact." In a message posted on the Miami archdiocese Web page, the archbishop apologized to parishioners and radio listeners for what he called a "scandal." " Padre Alberto.
The rebels -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) -- have fought for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka since 1983. No formal declaration of victory is expected at least until Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa returns to the country from Amman, Jordan, where he is attending the World Economic Forum. Navy officials, quoting those who were arrested, said Tigers leader Velupillai Prabhakaran is believed to be inside the area of the latest fighting.
So, if we can kind of capture that on the computer and animate our balloons to look believable too, then the audience will believe that the house can fly. They bump into each other, they can turn wind up or down so they can dynamically move, and then you get the strings that attach those balloons to the house. Nobody can resist it.
There are likely to be two hot-button issues in Judge Sonia Sotomayor's Supreme Court confirmation hearings as senators gauge not only her positions but also some controversial comments she has made. Judge Sonia Sotomayor would be the first Hispanic woman to serve on the Supreme Court. Vermont has also legalized same-sex marriage.
The shot -- taken by Cuban photographer Alberto Korda in Havana on March 5, 1960 -- turned the charismatic and controversial leader into a cultural icon. Che's image, here advertising soda, is still seen around the world. In his new book, "Che's Afterlife: The Legacy of an Image" (Vintage Books), journalist Michael Casey examines how this photograph came to take on a life of its own and become the most reproduced photograph in the world. "
